15:48 < bridge> [teeworlds] <FluffiexD> what about to make a client for compatiblity for 0.5-0.7.x
17:15 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Dune> good luck with that :D
18:57 < Dune> o/
19:05 < rand> \o
19:18 < Oy> o/
19:18 < Dune> I think we should propose a time for sunday
19:18 < Oy> yeah
19:18 < Dune> so people can react "I can only be there later/earlier"
19:18 < rand> planning 0.8 ?
19:18 < Dune> 7pm? 8pm?
19:19 < Oy> yeah
19:19 < Oy> so 7pm?
19:20 < Dune> sounds like a good start. People can say they can only come later if that is the case
19:20 < Oy> Landil answered "just tell me when and I'll try :)"
19:20 < Dune> That's nice
19:21 < Oy> yeah then we go with 7pm
19:21 < Dune> Good :)
19:21 < Dune> I asked @Zatline if he would like to pimp teeworlds.com a bit for xmas, he kindly accepted
19:21 < Oy> cool :)
19:23 < Oy> how does that look? http://www.solidfiles.com/v/2GwKnvRGyYNDM
19:23 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Dune> wow, good job!
19:23 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix thanks for the SVGs
19:24 < Oy> yeah thx Sonix :)
19:24 < Dune> can't wait for xmas :)
19:24 < Oy> should i remove the hair from the brownbears?
19:25 < Dune> hmm, not sure. what do you think, @LordSk?
19:25 < Oy> u can still see it above the hat
19:26 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> hey Oy and other people
19:26 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> is the hat random?
19:26 < Dune> I can barely notice it bh
19:26 < Dune> tbh*
19:28 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> it also does not need to be perfect in my opinion
19:29 < Oy> no it's not random, coala, bear and twinbopps get the on the side, the rest gets the one on top
19:29 < Oy> *+one
19:30 < Oy> and kitty ones
19:31 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> oh is it not drawn on top?
19:31 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> what happens if I have a custom skin?
19:32 < Oy> it checks if u use bear or kitty body or twinbopp decoration and then uses the one on the side otherwise the regular one
19:32 < Oy> it's done in rendertee function
19:32 < Dune> minus: any way to painlessly set up a redirection from compiling_everything.md to hacking.md ?
19:32 < Oy> additional rendering on top
19:33 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> ok great then
19:33 < Dune> yeah, great
19:33 < Oy> the hat also covers the eyes when u look up
19:34 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> I can't wait to see my zombies with christmas hats on ðŸ˜„
19:34 < Dune> hahah
19:34 < Dune> cheerful zombies
19:34 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Sonix> nice ðŸ˜ƒ
19:34 < Oy> http://www.solidfiles.com/v/8p8WYwd3zjprL
19:35 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Sonix> arent there hats with circles instead of stars
19:35 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Sonix> just to randomize
19:35 < Dune> the way it covers the ears, it looks very nice
19:35 < Dune> Oy: gotta announce the time on the forums
19:36 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Sonix> on normal tees looks a bit too much to the left
19:36 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Sonix> 2nd screen
19:36 < Oy> yeah, maybe i'll add the ones with circles too
19:37 < Oy> yeah, probably the mirroring
19:37 < Oy> have to make some more adjustments in the svg
19:37 < Oy> took a while to have everything fir together
19:37 < Oy> Dune: great
19:39 < Dune> I meant that you should do it, Oy :D you started it
19:39 < Oy> oh
19:39 < Oy> ok :P
19:40 < Dune> By the way, I think this is sorely needed: https://help.github.com/articles/about-issue-and-pull-request-templates/
19:40 < Dune> (not so much the PRs)
19:40 < Dune> GitHub has a lot of very nice community features
19:42 < Oy> yeah we can do that
19:47 < Oy> updated the post
19:48 < Oy> will wait till tomorrow before i'll tell Landil, in case we postpone it by an hour or so
19:56 < bridge> [teeworlds] <Dune> Good
20:17 < Dune> So those are the gameplay tagged issues: https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Agameplay
20:18 < Dune> I would suggest keeping gameplay discussions on the forums
20:19 < Dune> One way this could be done would be to lock existing accepted issues (but not close them), and dedicate GitHub to code-related issues only
20:20 < Dune> e.g. Balance LMS should only be on GitHub when it has firmly been decided how to go about it
20:20 < Dune> That is my suggestion
20:21 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> github should be used for code-related stuff, it is not a second teeworlds forum
20:22 < Dune> well said
20:22 < Dune> (also gfx)
20:28 < Oy> yeah, proposing new gameplay features should be done on the forum, polishing accepted stuff can be done on github
20:30 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> it's partly our fault though, we asked people to create issues on github
20:30 < Dune> github has a nice feature for any offtopic comment: they can be hidden, it doesn't censor anything, but signal people they shouldn't continue on that topic
20:30 < Dune> true, LordSk. I did that a lot
20:31 < bridge> [teeworlds] <LordSk> we should've directed them to the Development section on the forums instead
20:32 < Dune> true :/
