10:17 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] bhavin23 opened pull request #1700: 0.6 (master...0.6) https://git.io/fp8io
17:10 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Dune-jr opened pull request #1702: Change quit button to use unicode character \u2715, and resize it. (master...feature-quitbutton) https://git.io/fp4Zq
19:18 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy closed pull request #1700: 0.6 (master...0.6) https://git.io/fp8io
19:19 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy closed pull request #1702: Change quit button to use unicode character \u2715, and resize it. (master...feature-quitbutton) https://git.io/fp4Zq
20:01 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 4 new commits to master: https://git.io/fp4gV
20:01 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 1c05f9a oy: fixed server registration again
20:01 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 27012ac oy: only add tokens to the catch on request. increased seedtime and expire time for tokens in the cache to sync it better with the master heartbeats
20:01 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 646d055 oy: Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds
20:03 < Oy> minus: could you update the 0.7 master to the current src when you have the time? increased the token size for packets so it got incompatible.
20:04 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> Won't that prematurely evince 0.7.0 servers from the list Oy?
20:05 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> my server is the latest version ðŸ˜„ so at least one server will be left
20:10 < Oy> Dune yeah
20:10 < Oy> and you can't connect to them now anyway or query their server info
20:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> Alright
20:48 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fp4wL
20:48 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 0bed238 oy: fixed the quit button character
20:49 < Oy> Dune ^ could you test if the quit button x is still correct for u ingame?
20:51 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> fixed now for me
20:52 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fp4wu
20:52 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 64e5165 oy: respect the maximum chunk number when constructing a packet.
20:52 < Oy> goodie
20:55 < Dune> I see the quit button just fine Oy
21:00 < Oy> good
21:01 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fp4rk
21:01 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 9d3ec83 oy: properly align the refresh and connect button in the server browser. closes #1701
21:25 < rand> i got some warning with int and unsigned int comparison
21:29 < rand> is it new ?
21:30 < Dune> I get a lot of unused variable warnings
21:35 < rand> hm, I think the warnning are trigger because NET_TOKEN_MAX is now 0xffffffff
21:36 < rand> then, the enum is assume an unsigned int
21:39 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> can't register new servers now... need to wait for minus ðŸ˜„
21:39 < Dune> :c
21:39 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> was a bad idea to compile the latest server ðŸ˜„
21:40 < Dune> I'm thinking there should be some short github guidelines somewhere Oy, especially for late-stage graphics stuff
21:40 < Dune> We have a lot of sources in the Landil/Zatline dropbox now thankfully
21:40 < Dune> But there are some new graphics being added here and there without source
21:40 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fp4Ku
21:40 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master b961061 oy: fixed warnings
21:40 < Dune> So we have to fetch to the artist authors every time we want an upscale or something
21:41 < Dune> With so much activity it's not such a problem right now
21:41 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> artists have a problem to share svg's, i somehow understand ist but also don't cause its a open source game
21:41 < Dune> But it would suck to get in the scenario where @android272 has to redraw a crapton of graphics, again
21:41 < Oy> Dune: yeah the sources should be put in the dropbox folder
21:42 < Dune> @Fisico: it's understandable, but devs have the same feeling. We don't have a choice, when we submit something it's bound to be tweaked at some point
21:42 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> why not create a private repository ? maybe gitlab
21:42 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> for graphics i mean
21:42 < Oy> there's a private dropbox folder with all the svgs
21:42 < Dune> yeah
21:42 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yea dropbox is not the best place to put stuff like this ðŸ˜„
21:42 < Dune> for an open-source game this etiquette is enforced automatically for devs
21:42 < Oy> people should update it :P
21:42 < Dune> it should be for artists too imo
21:42 < Dune> (for big stuff at least)
21:43 < Oy> don't think that the svg have to make public
21:43 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i dont have a problem with sharing svg's but for example my music production project files i dont want to share ðŸ˜„
21:44 < Dune> Oy: well for anything that doesn't have SVG, if we need urgently an upscale, no choice but to redraw them :/
21:44 < Dune> and it's rly difficult to ask artists individually to release their source because they're already doing quite some work :|
21:45 < Dune> ah well
21:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> dont get the problem i have to admit ðŸ˜„
21:45 < Oy> the artists have to put the svg's in the dropbox folder
21:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yea
21:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> they are not doing it?
21:46 < Dune> ah you meant public, sorry, read too quick Oy
21:46 < Dune> no they are not Fisico
21:46 < Oy> then upscaled/modified version can be done easily in case the original author is not available
21:46 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yep that's ture
21:46 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> *true
21:47 < Dune> well it's quite hard to ask them individually, so I think some sort of rule would really help. it doesn't have to be public of course
21:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yea that is maybe a good idea
21:47 < Oy> yeah
21:49 < Dune> would you handle it Oy?
21:49 < Dune> we're starting to get that problem with datasrc/ui/icons
21:50 < Oy> if graphics get added the svg's have to be added to the dropbox folder, either send them to someone who can do it or it themself?
21:50 < Dune> yes, exactly
21:50 < Dune> or post it in the private part of the forum
21:50 < Oy> put it in the internal forum?
21:50 < Oy> ok
21:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yea and who is the middleman for new artists?
21:51 < Dune> no one @Fisico
21:51 < Dune> there is a communication problem :p
21:52 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> for example, random guy did a new tileset, it is great and will get added to the game, to wich person he is sending the svg? he does not have access to the internal forum and also not access to the dropbox
21:52 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i sent my svg to zatline, i hope he added them
21:53 < Dune> ah, you mean the person to write to, sry. well, either they make it public, or they send it to anyone with private access (sonix, zatline, android, oy, myself...) and they put it there
21:53 < Dune> good practice, thanks Fisico :)
21:53 < Dune> they can also write to info@teeworlds.com actually Oy
21:54 < Oy> yeah
21:55 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ok so there is a way
21:55 < Dune> which gfx did you send to Zatline, @fisico? I can change for you if you like
21:55 < Dune> s/change/check
21:56 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> sun_moon_stars_snow.svg
21:56 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i'm not sure if he split it
21:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> what is that for?
21:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> are the svg files, from the redraw i did for sun, moon, stars, etc...
21:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> so mapres?
21:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yep
21:58 < Oy> why do i always get the antispam questions in the internal forum ...
21:58 < Dune> huh
21:58 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> you are a machine ðŸ˜„
21:59 < Oy> when posting in the internal forum it always ask the antispam questions (f.e. colour of the laser, objective in ctf..)
21:59 < Dune> looking into that
21:59 < Dune> but not sure how it would be subforum specific
22:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @Dune is the svg file there?
22:00 < Oy> don't have it in the normal part i think
22:00 < Dune> I guess it's some advanced settings I don't have accessed to. gotta ask heinrich5991 or minus probably
22:00 < Oy> Dune: did a post
22:00 < Dune> thanks Oy 
22:00 < Oy> if you want sth changed let me know ;)
22:08 < Oy> Dune: you do the increasing the alpha for all menus(offline and ingame) right?
22:08 < Dune> yeah sorry I pushed that task away
22:08 < Dune> :/
22:10 < Dune> Well I'll do it now then
22:10 < Dune> I feel like Zatline is going to shout at me a lot, haha :D
22:13 < Oy> ;)
22:13 < Oy> well has to be adjusted
22:15 < minus> hello/
22:15 < minus> there's a 0.7 master?
22:16 < Oy> hey
22:16 < Oy> yeah
22:16 < Oy> master1 i think
22:17 < minus> someone did update that on oct 14
22:19 < minus> what the fuck, there's an ansible playbook for the masters
22:22 < Oy> oh
22:22 < minus> updated
22:22 < Oy> thx :)
22:25 < rand> so now, when a client does token handshake with a server, the initial packet has to put its token in a 512bytes dataChunk ?
22:26 < Oy> rand the response token are the first 4 bytes of the 512 data chunk yeah
22:27 < Oy> the packet header changed as well - in case u want to make that server info request script work again
22:27 < rand> yep
22:27 < rand> but nothing to test it atm x)
22:27 < Oy> ther's  a server online
22:31 < rand> which one ?
22:31 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @minus you use ansible?
22:31 < rand> master/server ?
22:32 < Oy> rand master1
22:32 < rand> 8283 ?
22:32 < Oy> fisico has a server registered
22:32 < Oy> yeah
22:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> FYI my server is up again for testing
22:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ðŸ˜„
22:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i'm iff now
22:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> cy
22:33 < rand> thx
22:34 < minus> fisco: apparently i did make a role for masters two years ago, yeah. i mostly use it at work otherwise
22:34 < minus> fisico* i'm so terribly sorry
22:35 < Oy> minus: seems master3 works also for 0.7, could u update that as well?
22:36 < minus> sÃ­
22:37 < minus> or not; ssh doesn't work
22:38 < Oy> oh
22:38 < minus> i think i just fucked up my ssh configs (which i also deploy via ansible; not a good idea!)
22:39 < Oy> :(
22:41 < minus> looks like MrAnderson did some funky stuff to the master (running two in fact)
22:41 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy deleted 0.6.5-rc at 002f028: https://git.io/fp4X5
22:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> At least not running like 50000 masters
22:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> _that_ would be awkward
22:49 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] nheir opened pull request #1704: align tw_api.py to 27c6f8a (master...tw_api) https://git.io/fp41g
22:49 < Oy> MrAnderson probably turned off the 0.6 masters? got spammed anyway and could be abused to dos someone else via spoofing
22:52 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy closed pull request #1704: align tw_api.py to 27c6f8a (master...tw_api) https://git.io/fp41g
22:54 < minus> nah, there's a 0.6 running
22:55 < minus> patched some time in october
22:55 < minus> i sent him an email
22:56 < Oy> ok
22:57 < Oy> but i think the flaw that it can be abused to dos via spoofing can't be fixed in 0.6
23:14 < Oy> heinrich5991: ping
23:17 < rand> oops, something not right with tw_api, the server client works but the conclusion %d players/%d spectators does not ^^
23:17 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] nheir opened pull request #1705: tw_api: fix getinfo returning None, add comments (master...tw_api) https://git.io/fp4DD
23:19 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 2 new commits to master: https://git.io/fp4Db
23:19 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master bf49414 nheir: tw_api: fix getinfo returning None, add comments
23:19 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master fe57e85 oy: Merge pull request #1705 from nheir/tw_api...
23:19 <@heinrich5991> Oy: pong
23:19 < rand> thx for fixing the warnings btw, I didn't think about such a simple fix :D
23:19 <@heinrich5991> rand: link?
23:20 < Oy> heinrich5991: the token for connection client<>server never changes - you think that's enough? or update it after a while?
23:20 <@heinrich5991> I don't think there's a benefit in changing it
23:21  * Dune is falling asleep
23:21 <@heinrich5991> cryptography protocols removed changing the key during the connection as well
23:21 < Dune> gn8, good luck with the network stuff
23:21 < rand> heinrich5991: i was talking to Oy :3 (but ftr https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/commit/b9610614a462638ed067957c3b12f2f8ce6f4d33 )
23:21 <@heinrich5991> yes, I realized. but I wanted to see the warning fixes ^^
23:21 < rand> (network.h in mind)
23:21 < rand> (in my mind)
23:22 < Oy> heinrich5991: ok. an attacker might frute force the token, but takes a while
23:22 <@heinrich5991> yes, they might. but they can still do that if we change it every once in a while
23:23 <@heinrich5991> they might take a tiny bit longer because it's now a random experiment. but if we're worried about that, we should rather increase the token size to around 8 bytes and never worry about that again
23:23 < Oy> but then the odds are smaller
23:23 < Oy> yeah
23:23 < Oy> but 8 bytes might be too much :) dunno if it's needed
23:24 <@heinrich5991> yes. I think 4 bytes are good for now
23:24 <@heinrich5991> needs 4GB * ~50 or so to brute-force
23:24 < Oy> yeah
23:25 < Oy> reserved 6 bit in the header for flags - i guess that's the best option
23:25 < Oy> had to fill the space properly
23:25 <@heinrich5991> yes, I think that's good
23:26 <@heinrich5991> makes it a bit extensible :)
23:26 < minus> does it use some djb crypto
23:26 <@heinrich5991> we don't use crypto
23:26 < minus> because i'll let you know it's no good if it doesn't
23:26 < Oy> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/blob/27c6f8ae4600308248cdbc8a5edcc16ae142950e/src/engine/shared/network.h#L12 if sth should be improved about the header, now is the best time :)
23:28 < Oy> gn8 Dune :P
23:29 <@Dune> err bed is already occupied and don't want to wake up, so lemme open my laptop and fix some pesky alphas
23:29 <@heinrich5991> if you'd put the token last and shuffle the flags a bit, you get the same packet header as 0.6.5
23:29 <@heinrich5991> not sure if that's desirable, but I just noticed ^^
23:30 <@heinrich5991> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/blob/eaafc2eb1c9c9eb1eeaac68e50274c6bbf8eb0df/src/engine/shared/network.h#L14
23:31 < Oy> yeah can do that
23:31 < Oy> how does the connless one look?
23:32 <@heinrich5991> yes, it does
23:33 <@heinrich5991> I don't remember what I put into the version thing
23:33 <@heinrich5991> is it just a reserved field?
23:33 < Oy> yeah
23:33 < Oy> u had 4 bits in the 20bit token version
23:33 < Oy> for it
23:34 <@heinrich5991> yes, that width doesn't matter I think
23:34 <@heinrich5991> 2 bits is plenty â€” bill gates
23:34 < Oy> some space for the future
23:35 <@heinrich5991> yes
23:35 <@heinrich5991> do you happen to know what we do with packets that have a different version field than what we expect?
23:35 < Oy> think they're dropped
23:35 <@heinrich5991> do we drop them or do we just ignore that field?
23:35 <@heinrich5991> k
23:36 < Oy> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/blob/master/src/engine/shared/network.cpp#L223
23:36 <@heinrich5991> yea, sounds good. our connless packets now check for size >= our current size, so we can just add more stuff at the end anyway, if we want to stay compatible
23:36 <@heinrich5991> yup :)
23:36 < Oy> yeah
23:37 < Oy> will switch around the header like in 0.6.5 and then it should be fine
23:37 <@heinrich5991> I just noticed that putting the token last will make the connless packet look a bit uglier, because the response token field will be split in two 2-byte fields
23:38 <@heinrich5991> sounds good :)
23:38 <@heinrich5991> it's awesome that you revived teeworlds development again, Oy!
23:39 < Oy> yeah, it's nice to see people coming back and work on things - that helps a lot :)
23:39 < Oy> gives motivation
23:40 <@Dune> yeah :)
23:40 < Oy> all the people that planned 0.7 got inactive, so the motivation was about zero, but now it's up again :)
23:41 < Oy> thx to Dune as well, for helping out so much
23:41 <@Dune> eh, you're still doing most of the work :)
23:41 <@Dune> I blame Landil's wife for stalling 0.7
23:41 < Oy> usually Landil did all the forum, news things etc. don't wanna deal with that ;)
23:42 < Oy> haha :D
23:42 <@Dune> there's still the promotional work for the release that I'm not sure how to handle
23:42 <@Dune> I guess not much was done in the past but put up a list of changes actually
23:42 < Oy> we planned a 0.7 2 years ago, but then the little buggers crossed that plan :D
23:43 < Oy> Dune yeah guess so
23:44 < Oy> chilly did some map preview for 0.5 i think
23:44 <@Dune> right
23:44 <@heinrich5991> before my time :P
23:44 < Oy> that would be good, to introduce the new maps + pictures
23:44 < Oy> yeah long ago
23:45 < Oy> so many years since we started 0.7 - couldn't rember all the stuff that was done...
23:45 <@Dune> I like how you linked to the commit list :D
23:46 <@Dune> doing stuff for teeworlds now feels like doing business with childhood mates. can't believe those people are adults too now
23:46 < Oy> yeah, that's good, but lots of work :)
23:46 < Oy> Dune yeah :)
23:47 < Oy> and i'm about 40... time goes by so fast ...
23:47 <@Dune> wow damn
23:48 <@Dune> I thought kinda everyone started teeworlds in their student years
23:49 < Oy> guess most of the original developers are in the late 30s now
23:50 <@Dune> definitely
23:50 <@Dune> I wanna see matricks with white hair
23:52 < Oy> haha :D
23:55 <@Dune> do you code at work Oy?
23:56 <@Dune> I feel like it is hard to keep up the motivation when work is 7h of code/day
