00:09 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Dune-jr opened pull request #1716: Add Damage net event (master...feature-damage-netevent) https://git.io/fp0Si
01:19 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Dune-jr opened pull request #1717: Whisper: properly blend icon, implement shift+tab, memorize last whisper target (master...feature-whisper-target) https://git.io/fp0H6
03:05 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] LordSk opened pull request #1718: Server broadcast (master...feature/broadcast) https://git.io/fp05N
11:34 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fp0jy
11:34 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master dbbca2c oy: reworked ingame menus, updated to the style of the new design
12:24 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEv3
12:24 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master de85ec7 oy: fixed an initialization
12:37 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] axblk opened pull request #1719: Fix server info tab (master...patch-1) https://git.io/fpEvi
14:07 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @oy the new ingame menu is really cool, great work!
14:16 <@Dune> hai
14:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> hi
14:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> broadcast also looks good. Except the cut of gradient... maybe bend it over?
14:22 <@Dune> bend it over? what do you mean?
14:23 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> rounded corner with a gradient that follows it
14:44 < Oy> doubt we can finish the release today
14:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> don't rush it... some day's delay won't hurt anybody
14:45 <@Dune> the top of the lists in the call vote menus feel inconsistent with the two previous tabs
14:48 < Oy> Dune: stumbled on another problem with the ingame menu, the game tab has a notification f.e. when joining is blocked - that should be displayed somewhere when the buttons are there all the time
14:48 < Oy> it's the same as in settings general
14:48 <@Dune> oh
14:48 <@Dune> :|
14:48 <@Dune> didn't think of that
14:48 < Oy> the text in the header list is different than section headers
14:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> You should ve waited till everything was done to make the realease announcement
14:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> There is no need to rush things
14:49 < Oy> well it just said we plan to
14:50 <@Dune> release announcements are good imo
14:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yep
14:50 <@Dune> being late happens
14:50 <@Dune> it's not like people scheduled 0.7.1 tournaments on monday
14:50 < Oy> yeah,  better to set some kinda deadline for translations, new features
14:51 <@Dune> ^
14:51 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix gfx ready to go through PNGOptimizer?
14:52 < Oy> what's missing gfx wise?
14:53 < Oy> maps are ready right?
14:53 <@Dune> they are afaik
14:53 < Oy> oh wait there was sth with reordering grass_doodads right?
14:53 <@Dune> https://www.teeworlds.com/forum/viewtopic.php?pid=121976#p121976
14:53 <@Dune> yes
14:54 < Oy> some automatization needed for that
14:54 <@Dune> for what, reordering?
14:55 < Oy> the grass_doodads was supposed to be reordered a bit https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1043
14:55 < Oy> now if u select a multiple tiles that form a tree u select sth from another part :(
14:56 < Oy> and have to delete it manually afterwards
14:56 < Oy> bit if the image is reordered, the maps have to be updated
14:56 < Oy> cause they use the wrong tile index then
14:57 <@Dune> :(
14:57 < minus> just add a version number to the new tileset name
14:57 <@Dune> problem is then you need to ship two
14:58 < Oy> no doesn't work
14:58 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Dune-jr opened pull request #1720: Fix a couple of missing localize, remove unused variables (master...fix-missing-localize) https://git.io/fpEkl
15:00 < Oy> a tile layer that is stored wihin a map has an array of tile indices (like offset to a tile within the image). if u change the image the offsets within the map needs to be adjusted
15:01 < minus> Dune: yes, you ship and old one for compatibility with old maps
15:08 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> the new one will than be uses by new maps
15:12 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> hello wonderful people
15:12 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> Oy: do you mind discussing the colored broadcast thing?
15:13 < Oy> hey
15:13 < Oy> sure
15:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> hey ðŸ˜ƒ
15:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> so I'll preface this by saying we can scrap it altogether
15:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> I don't really mind
15:14 <@Dune> RTL languages like persian should be scrapped, right
15:14 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> but I thought that since we can mute and disable broadcasts
15:14 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> it should be fine?
15:14 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> If server admins are obnoxious
15:15 < Oy> but coloured broadcasts are different level of disturbance
15:15 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> people will mute broadcasts
15:15 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> they are I agree
15:15 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> so is pinging in the chat with each message
15:16 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> a sound and a color
15:16 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> and then you mute that person
15:17 < Oy> but then you have just the option to turn it off in gereral
15:17 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> there is also the possibility as you mentioned, to enable color parsing
15:17 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> off by default
15:17 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> but as I said,  I can just scrap it
15:17 < Oy> dunno
15:18 < Oy> either remove the colours in gereneral or make the colourthing adjustable
15:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> this is a difficult situation
15:19 < Oy> i already see the upcoming broadcasts - every char has a different colour
15:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> yeah as I said, very abusable
15:19 < Oy> and changes colour every second to have rainbows etc.
15:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> hahaha
15:19 < Oy> and animations
15:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> they way I see it right
15:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> the people who wanted broadcast
15:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> want an easy to see message
15:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> like a warning for example, "server maintenance happening"
15:21 < Oy> yeah, but dunno if colours are needed for it
15:21 < Oy> and server hosters also used the broadcast for advertising
15:22 < Oy> most times i saw them ingame
15:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> could you mute them back then?
15:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> I don't remember
15:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> but anyway I got the message
15:23 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> won't be on by default
15:23 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> ðŸ˜ƒ
15:24 < Oy> no u couldn't disable it
15:25 < Oy> good :D
15:26  * Dune is manually copying author info
15:26 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> and Oy, if you don't want it in the game at all, just say the word, I really don't mind it either way
15:26 < Oy> poor Dune :(
15:26 <@Dune> gotta credit peeps :p
15:26 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> this is a proposal after all
15:26 <@Dune> I scrap arabic and persian right
15:28 < Oy> LordSk don't mind it being there, for my personal taste they're too distracting so i'd have the colours disabled for me
15:28 < Oy> Dune yeah
15:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> alright got it
15:28 < Oy> don't have rtl support anyway
15:29 <@Dune> aight
15:29 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy closed pull request #1717: Whisper: properly blend icon, implement shift+tab, memorize last whisper target (master...feature-whisper-target) https://git.io/fp0H6
15:30 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @LordSk i think white text for boradcast is enough
15:31 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> alright 2 votes against then
15:31 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> or make it only possible to color the whole text and make some thing that prevents rapid color changes
15:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> what if colors are disabled by default? @Fisico
15:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> hmm yea also an idea
15:33 < Oy> my proposal :P
15:33 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> haha
15:33 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> it's a hard think to decide
15:33 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> it is
15:33 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> I think a lot of people would enjoy a colors option, even though that might not be us
15:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> the ddnet client will turn the option on by default and players will get spammed with all sort of stuff ðŸ˜„
15:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> that should not be our problem i think
15:35 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> didn't they say they won't upgrade anyway?
15:36 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i don't know the whole weird stuff is comming from the braodcast thing
15:37 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> yeah I feel like this is highly requested
15:38 <@Dune> some people are surprised 0.7 is not compatible with 0.6 :D
15:38 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> haha they never saw a big release
15:38 <@Dune> yep :)
15:39 < WsYFU> Hopefully people move to 0.7 when it's done
15:39 <@Dune> :) it always takes time
15:40 < WsYFU> Yep, i can remember thinking of what i want to play today 0.5 or 0.6
15:40 <@Dune> a lot of unmaintained mods won't be updated, and the people only into these will stay on 0.6. same happened with 0.5
15:40 <@Dune> then things move on
15:41 < WsYFU> There aren't many inmaintained mods
15:42 < minus> teeworlds isn't semver after all
15:49 < Oy> well 0.6 was released april 2011, newer players probably haven't see a major release yeah
15:55 < WsYFU> "There is also a new, shiny 16-player limit." back when 0.5.0 was released
15:55 < WsYFU> Wow, it was so long time ago
15:58 <@Dune> wait
15:58 <@Dune> there is no flag for breton? :/
15:58 <@Dune> crap
15:59 < lvgx> and yet there is one for vatican city
15:59 <@Dune> well its a country
16:00 <@Dune> that's consistent, I just need a flag for the language
16:02 <@Dune> guess no flag for breton and catalan languages
16:03 < lvgx> ahah, if teeworlds get as many translations as wesnoth you'll have fun finding flags for every european local language
16:03 <@Dune> esperanto ought to be enough for everyone in EU
16:03 <@Dune> =p
16:03 <@Dune> does esperanto even have a flag
16:04 < lvgx> or latin
16:17 < Oy> could add a flag for breton or cataln - have one for wales scotland...
16:29 <@Dune> yeah
16:29 <@Dune> need esperanto and galician too
16:29 <@Dune> who could do flags?
16:29 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds-translation] Dune-jr pushed 2 new commits to master: https://git.io/fpEt3
16:29 < Teeworlds> teeworlds-translation/master b17dd6a Jordy Ruiz: Fix russian.json
16:29 < Teeworlds> teeworlds-translation/master 47dc53c Jordy Ruiz: Add breton, catalan, chinese, esperanto, estonian, galician, irish, slovenian languages. Flags are missing
16:47 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds-translation] Dune-jr pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEtr
16:47 < Teeworlds> teeworlds-translation/master 6ff9d22 Jordy Ruiz: Update belarusian, czech, dutch, finnish, french, greek, hungarian, italian, japanese, kyrgyz, norwegian, polish, romanian, russian, serbian, swedish, turkish languages
16:49 < lvgx> public domain or CC-0 flags are easy to find, but there should be a template for the shade and border
17:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> btw... i'm also for calling this release 0.8
17:26 <@Dune> should probably just rename 0.7.0 a beta or so imo
17:27 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds-translation] Dune-jr pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEqh
17:27 < Teeworlds> teeworlds-translation/master f115217 Jordy Ruiz: Update finnish language
17:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Fisico any help with spotting gross text overflow appreciated :p
17:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> also a good idea to rename it 0.7.0 beta
17:29 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> you mean the translation text's are longer than their textbox?
17:31 <@Dune> yes
17:31 <@Dune> when it gets quite bad it could be reverted to english
17:36 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> where are you in the lang list? started from the top?
17:37 <@Dune> nowhere
17:37 <@Dune> :D
17:37 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ok
17:37 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> starting from the bottom
17:37 <@Dune> fixing a bug with the listbox
17:37 <@Dune> :/
17:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @Dune mousesense and samplerate is to small... many languages does not fit in there...
17:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> AA in french is also to long
17:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> maybe make the moussense textbox  a bit longer and also the samplerate...
17:47 <@Dune> only look for nasty overflow, fisico
17:47 <@Dune> can't fix everything
17:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ingame menu buttons are also to short..
17:47 <@Dune> it's the translators job to adapt too
17:48 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> maybe for a future release... scale text if it is to big for the textbox ðŸ˜„
17:48 <@Dune> yes, but later
17:48 <@Dune> for now just hotfixes
17:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix when is the big graphics PR coming? :o
17:51 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEYU
17:51 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 75350af oy: added support for ai-controlled players #1390
17:51 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> not soon, aint got much time lately
17:51 <@Dune> huh that didn't close https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1390
17:52 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix :/ can't they at least be run through the PNGOptimizer and released?
17:52 < Oy> no visual stuff needed, but could be done later
17:52 <@Dune> unmilestone then?
17:53 < Oy> moved to 0.7.2
17:54 <@Dune> no work left with https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1576 if we don't globally change the alpha?
17:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> i could try to rearrange grass doodads
17:55 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> but separating the winter and ice tileset is a thing that has to be discussed thoroughly
17:55 < Oy> Sonix yeah, i could try to update the maps then
17:55 < Oy> yeah, that's a biggy
17:56 <@Dune> should it be dropped for 0.7.1 then?
17:56 < Oy> Dune: could ad a slider for the ms_backgroundalpha is used for all the backgrounds i added
17:56 <@Dune> might be difficult to get it done well idk
17:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix is releasing everything time consuming?
17:57 < Oy> well yeah move it to 0.7.2 - everything should be readable now
17:57 <@Dune> yeah
18:01 < Oy> could someone make move this https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1669#issuecomment-441050793 in a 256x256 image?
18:01 < Oy> pretty much add 64 empty pixels to the right and the bottom
18:01 <@Dune> we could also do that easily if if svgs were released...
18:01 <@Dune> oh well :p
18:02 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Fisico maybe? I'm afraid I would mess up with the compression
18:02 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> what?
18:02 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> what oy said
18:03 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> https://psydk.org/pngoptimizer is working
18:03 <@Dune> we need empty pixels though
18:03 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yea not working good without the svg is a hackjob
18:05 <@Dune> can't be too bad, I mean I would do it with gimp or whatever but I'm sure you'd do better
18:05 < Oy> don't have anything installed, otherwise would have done it :)
18:05 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ok... will try it
18:05 < Oy> basically just paste it in a 256x256 image
18:06 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ah ok not between the icons more pixels.. only on the outside?
18:06 < Oy> and try to keep the alphas ;)
18:06 < Oy> yeah just the outside
18:07 <@Dune> how should https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1548 be finalized?
18:08 < Oy> dunno if authors have to be listed by category. maybe list them all together?
18:08 <@Dune> sounds good to me
18:08 <@Dune> but it has to be said this is for content authorts
18:10 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> can some1 try the grass doodads
18:10 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> 
18:10 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516299726300119061/grass_doodads.png
18:11 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> there should be no selection intersections now
18:11 <@Dune> oy, content contributors: android272, Chi11y (chi1), cinaera, Crises, Daniel, Echchouik, Fisico, KillaBilla, Landil, Lappi, LordSk, maikka, matricks, Minus, oy, Pocram, red_com, serpis, SkizZ, somerunce, Sonix, Stephanator, Tardo, teetow, Ubu, Zatline
18:12 <@Dune> indiscriminate of content type
18:12 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix I'm on it
18:12 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> winter maps have to be checked too
18:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> I thought just checking in the editor?
18:15 < Oy> would skip the documentation thing
18:16 <@Dune> oy
18:16 <@Dune> I would too
18:16 <@Dune> but they are all redundant
18:16 <@Dune> ah wait
18:16 < Oy> on it
18:17 <@Dune> I thought they were
18:19 <@Dune> I get android272, Chi11y (chi1), Crises, Daniel, Echchouik, Fisico, Landil, Lappi, LordSk, maikka, matricks, Pocram, red_com, serpis, SkizZ, somerunce, Sonix, Stephanator, Tardo, teetow, Ubu, Zatline
18:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix grass doodads seems all good in terms of selection intersection
18:19 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEYd
18:19 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master e3c4b36 oy: updated license with a list of authors and updated the year. closes #1548
18:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> good thanks dune
18:20 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> thank you
18:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> now it remains to update the maps
18:21 < Oy> yeah :(
18:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> arr. do you know which should be updated?
18:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> all grass and winter maps
18:21 < Oy> winter too?
18:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> can you make a release without the ice stuff?
18:24 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> @oy how big should 1 skill lvl icon be?
18:24 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> we either use the 0.6 winter
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> or update winter maps
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> cause tilesets have changed
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> adding 1tile platforms
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> to each
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Fisico image should be 256x256
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> so 64x64 per icon :)
18:25 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> but you shouldn't care about that? just copy paste into a 256x256 image
18:26 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> that is not working
18:26 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> why not?
18:27 < Oy> Sonix u used zatlines svg for the grass doodads right?
18:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> problem ... the image from github is to small
18:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> gets pixelated
18:28 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> sigh
18:29 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i dont get it
18:29 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> on github it is 192x192
18:30 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> i put it in inkscape or affinity and it is only 102x102 big.. wtf
18:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> 
18:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516305147945549852/level.png
18:32 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> this is 192x192
18:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> Is this bad, @Fisico :
18:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> http://puu.sh/C7wNO/67a39bcdf1.png
18:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> 
18:34 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516305777883873290/skill_lvl.png
18:35 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix you used zatlines svg for doodads?
18:35 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> did it with affinity kinda worked.. but we should change it with zatlines svg export
18:35 <@Dune> huh? there are only 3 icons?
18:36 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> we need the others too?
18:36 <@Dune> of course?
18:36 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> oO ok
18:36 <@Dune> we're supposed to get a 256x256 image you know
18:36 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ah ok
18:36 <@Dune> is there a quality problem with mine?
18:38 < Oy> as long as it copies the alphas it should be good
18:39 <@Dune> i just changed the image settings in gimp, I don't know
18:40 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> 
18:40 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516307238143524864/skill_lvl.png
18:40 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> good so?
18:41 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> would be best to increase the size from source directly
18:41 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> to avoid quality loss
18:41 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> yep
18:42 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> i used the svg from artists folder @Dune Oy
18:42 < Oy> good
18:42 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> you have the icons as svg sonix?
18:43 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> nope
18:43 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Fisico this is still not good
18:43 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> read the instructions again
18:43 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> 64px right and bottom
18:43 < Oy> Fisico no it should be like Dune did - we could try that
18:44 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> where is the difference?
18:45 <@Dune> 8[18:43]	bridge_: [teeworlds] <Dune> 64px right and bottom
18:45 <@Dune> yours is centered
18:45 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ok no problem
18:46 <@Dune> preserve the alpha
18:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> 
18:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516308847468740608/skill_lvl.png
18:47 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> ok so?
18:48 <@Dune> yours are more blurry than mine Fisico
18:48 <@Dune> not sure if that's good
18:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> we need zatlines for maximum quality
18:49 <@Dune> I know
18:49 <@Dune> but still
18:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> for now it will be ok... you can also take yours no problem
18:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> i dont see em in the dropbox folder
18:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> u gonna have to wait for him
18:49 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> no @Sonix he didn't want to add it
18:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516308847468740608/skill_lvl.png
18:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> https://puu.sh/C7wNO/67a39bcdf1.png
18:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> can you compare them? I'm not sure if sharper is better or worse
18:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Fisico> 2. is way better
18:55 <@Dune> ok 2. is like the original, 1. is blurrex
18:55 <@Dune> blurred*
18:58 <@Dune> Oy: we can use https://www.dropbox.com/s/owdcdiyaazsc97w/level_256.png?dl=0 for now for level.png
19:05 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Dune-jr opened pull request #1723: Update level.png with Zatline's work, modified to fit 256x256 format (master...fix-level-icons) https://git.io/fpE3o
19:10 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy closed pull request #1723: Update level.png with Zatline's work, modified to fit 256x256 format (master...fix-level-icons) https://git.io/fpE3o
19:11 < Oy> still code needs modification
19:11 <@Dune> huh
19:11 <@Dune> shouldn't have closed from PR then?
19:11 <@Dune> #1684 was not closed
19:11 <@Dune> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1684
19:12 <@Dune> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1669 was though
19:13 <@Dune> oy: is this automatic script to remap with the new tiling anything realistic? that sounds like a lot of work :/
19:15 <@heinrich5991> Dune: there's tml, you might be able to hack something up with that (I think it was able to save maps, should obviously check beforehand)
19:27 < Oy> hm no idea
19:40 <@Dune> idk tml
19:41 <@Dune> sonix sent me the updated mapres btw
19:41 <@Dune> but gotta update the maps :|
19:41 <@Dune> ah well nvm he put it in the forum :)
20:00 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] Sonix- opened pull request #1725: Fix cloud's animation (Closes #1724) (master...patch1) https://git.io/fpEG8
20:08 < rand> I add a support to >16 in the current scoreboard and serverbrowser adding a scrollbar for the side bar and cropping the list when there is no side bar
20:10 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds-maps] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEGS
20:10 < Teeworlds> teeworlds-maps/master 8579db0 oy: updated maps to the new grass_doodads
20:10 <@Dune> woot
20:10 <@Dune> already? Oo
20:10 <@Dune> what is this dark magic
20:11 < Oy> everything seems right - someone could check
20:11 < Oy> hope got all maps
20:11 <@Dune> ctf2?
20:11 <@Dune> sonix said winter maps need to be updated
20:11 < Oy> don't have a new winter tileset
20:12 < Oy> just did the grass_doodads
20:12 <@Dune> but sonix said "Now what is left is to update winter and grass maps (doodads)"
20:12 <@Dune> I'm confused
20:15 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEGN
20:15 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master aa65fea oy: added reordered grass_doodads. closes #1043
20:15 < Oy> rand: sounds good
20:17 < Oy> maybe the serverinfo when sidebar is closed could have a horizontal scrollbar?
20:18 < Oy> Sonix what is different for the winter tileset?
20:21 < rand> indeed, I can avoid a new Localize()
20:26 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix ^
20:30 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEZK
20:30 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 35a1e26 oy: fixed using the new level icons. closes #1669
20:34 <@Dune> oy: is there any point in using a struct instead of two booleans for the Damage m_Type thing?
20:34 < Oy> struct?
20:34 <@Dune> enum*
20:34 <@Dune> sry
20:34 <@Dune> the NORMAL, ARMOR, SELF enum
20:35 < Oy> with one value u r more flexible, that having 2 boolean values
20:35 < Oy> *the int
20:35 <@Dune> but you can't add new values to the enum without breaking protocol, right
20:36 < Oy> well old clients would skip the new stuff you add
20:36 < Oy> or well i think it's clamped now
20:36 <@Dune> ah, alright
20:36 <@Dune> yeah it is
20:37 < Oy> but breaking that isn't a big issue, old clients won't just support the new stuff
20:37 <@Dune> i see :)
20:42 < Oy> have a new graphical issue :)
20:42 < Oy> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1637#issuecomment-441056897 need that stripped
20:43 < Oy> every colomn except the last maybe put into 64x256 image
20:44 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> Oy: why split it into many images?
20:46 < Oy> Lordsk so people could add their own for the gametype they like
20:46 <@Dune> oh right, I forgot about that
20:46 <@Dune> cool that you implement that :)
20:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> 
20:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516339856457334787/screenshot_2018-11-25_20-49-24.png
20:50 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> ohhhhh yeah that's cool indeed
20:55 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <LordSk> @Sonix is the winter stuff done?
20:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> thats the current state
20:59 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> @Dune did u try replacing old mapres with new ones and check their state ingame
20:59 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> i hope pngoptimizer didnt do shit
21:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> I didn't try thatSonix#8149
21:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Sonix  *
21:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> seems like it did
21:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> huuuuum
21:10 <@Dune> I'm going to eat, if someone else can do the splitting of gametype icons for oy
21:11 < Teeworlds> [teeworlds] oy pushed 1 new commit to master: https://git.io/fpEcg
21:11 < Teeworlds> teeworlds/master 6b5f2d8 oy: fixed arrow keys effect theme and language listbox. closes #1722
21:12 < Oy> Sonix when you give me the new winter tileset i can update the maps
21:13 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Sonix> i thought u have access to the folder in the forum
21:17 < Oy> Sonix-: it's just winter_main right?
21:17 < Sonix-> its the doodads
21:18 < Sonix-> oh
21:18 < Sonix-> no
21:18 < Sonix-> winter_main yeah
21:19 < Sonix-> the method i use is have a second client open using 0.6 tileset to see what changed 
21:45 <@Dune> oh thanks for fixing arrow key
21:46 <@Dune> we're close to celebrate 1000 closed issues :D
21:55 <@Dune> I'll split the gametype icons if no one does it
21:55 < Oy> i'm out soon, could be done tomorow ;)
21:56 <@Dune> alright :)
21:56 <@Dune> hopefully heinrich5991will be there tomorrow to assist with the binaries
21:58 < Oy> i can do the win and linux ones
21:58 < Oy> mac might be a problem
21:58 <@Dune> heinrich5991 did the mac one last time
21:59 <@heinrich5991> I can only do that with the help of cmake, no idea how to do that with bam
21:59 <@Dune> ah
21:59 < Oy> oh  ok
21:59 <@heinrich5991> I think someone built 0.7.0 binaries and put them on github
21:59 <@heinrich5991> maybe we could contact them
22:00 <@Dune> maybe Kottizen is around
22:00 <@heinrich5991> otherwise, I can probably get hands on a mac computer on monday, maybe tuesday, then I could build it without cross-compilation
22:00 < Oy> but that were just the binaries
22:00 <@heinrich5991> ah :(
22:00 < Oy> that app building is probably broken for 0.7 :(
22:01 < Oy> was the cmake thing pretty hard to do heinrich5991 ?
22:02 <@heinrich5991> it probably requires knowledge of cmake to port it to 0.7
22:02 < Oy> ok
22:02 <@heinrich5991> I wanted to port it to 0.7 anyway. if you give me one day, maybe I will be able to do it
22:03 < Oy> yeah, would be good
22:03 < Oy> and waiting another day with the release isn't a biggy
22:03 < Oy> there're still someone big oullrequests which need testing anyway
22:03 <@heinrich5991> okay. let's hope I'll be able to hold promises this time
22:04 < Oy> :P
22:04 <@heinrich5991> ^^
22:04 <@Dune> thanks heinrich :)
22:07 < Oy> Dune: about the country flag. there used to be a template shadow that you put on the flag, so it looks like the others, but can't find the thread in the forum
22:08 <@Dune> oh, it's on the forum?
22:08 < Oy> Landil made a call to people to send in country flags and there was the template
22:08 <@Dune> alright I'll look onto that
22:08 <@Dune> but there is still the problem of having them not be countryflags
22:08 <@Dune> not sure if that's possible
22:08 < Oy> hm
22:10 < Oy> there is an index file https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/blob/master/datasrc/countryflags/index.json could add some block entry there
22:10 <@Dune> "block": true?
22:10 <@Dune> or you mean a block category
22:14 < Oy> just a block property
22:14 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> what does it do?
22:15 < Oy> so you can't use it as country flag
22:15 <@Dune> ah, alright
22:15 <@Dune> so should we block catalan/breton? and leave scotland?
22:15 < Oy> hm dunno, but have to draw a line somewhere
22:15 <@Dune> yeah
22:16 <@Dune> some guys gonna be upset if we add a property just to block their flag :D
22:16 < Oy> i think landil added them in the first place cause they have teams in football :)
22:16 <@Dune> oh, makes sense
22:19 < Oy> we should prevent to make a political statement, besides that either way would be fine
22:20 <@heinrich5991> I'd just adhere to some standard
22:21 <@heinrich5991> I think we already follow some for the country abbreviations
22:21 <@Dune> yeah, ISO 3166-1
22:21 <@heinrich5991> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2
22:22 <@heinrich5991> so use whatever is in there I guess
22:22 <@Dune> okay
22:22 <@Dune> the problem is scotland isn't there heinrich5991
22:23 < Oy> wales norther ireland and england either
22:23 < Oy> would have to remove them then
22:23 <@Dune> irish language added too btw
22:23 <@Dune> gaelic
22:24 <@Dune> "The codes XE, XS and XW are used by WhatsApp to represent the flags of England, Scotland and Wales as Emoji."
22:24 <@Dune> so that could be a stretch
22:50 < breton> wait what
22:50 < breton> ban me?
22:50 < breton> please don't ok?
22:55 <@Dune> haha, sorry for the pings, breton
23:00 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <BeaR> there haven't been a template for the countryflags, only the raw flags were requested iird
23:00 <@Dune> do you have the topic somewhere?
23:01 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <BeaR> https://www.teeworlds.com/forum/viewtopic.php?id=8084
23:01 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <BeaR> see point 7: http://i.solidfiles.net/5ef4.png :p
23:03 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> @Zatline could help with that maybe?
23:05 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> whit what, what flags do we miss?
23:05 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> what flags do we miss?
23:10 <@Dune> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1721
23:10 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> Breton, Catalan, Esperanto and Galician @Zatline
23:12 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> but these ain't independent countries ?
23:14 < koomi> things that aren't countries can still have flags
23:15 < koomi> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Catalonia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Brittany
23:15 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> read the issue @Zatline
23:16 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> it's not about being countries, it's about the languages needing flags
23:16 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> esperanto isn't linked to a piece of land even
23:17 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> Not even to a group of people
23:17 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> Because no one's actually using it
23:18 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> that is not the point. and it is still an official language for some stuff.
23:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> so these two flags then or anything more?
23:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> Lool at the issue please
23:19 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> [quakenet] <Dune> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/1721
23:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> Uhm, some new idea. Turn the former country flags in a multiple options thing and let players choose the languages they can speak
23:21 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> Would allow for easier communication if you can just check it
23:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <guenstig werben> If people want to show it
23:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> this isn't the time for complicated ideas
23:22 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> we are just making 4 flags.
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> 
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516386204132835328/brittany.png
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> 
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516386205789716490/catalonia.png
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> 
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516386207458918400/esperanto.png
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> 
23:54 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Zatline> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/490150878934990850/516386212974428232/galicia.png
23:55 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> awesome, thanks @Zatline :)
23:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> not sure if discord keeps the quality
23:57 < bridge_> [teeworlds] <Dune> will you upload them somewhere?
