00:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> I need help
00:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> The client won't accept my ack and keeps resending the same packet
00:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> Client sends ack 0
00:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> Server sequence is 1 and ack is also 1
00:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> After that the server is sending a packet with the ack number 1 in the header
00:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> But the client is still sending ack 0
01:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is the client accepting the packet?
01:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you can add debug messages in the client ^^
01:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> That's a good idea
01:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> Is it possible to compile bam with vs 15 or vs 17
01:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> I am getting the following error: https://hastebin.com/ufajedebus.sql
01:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> bam has been compiled with vs 14
01:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Marcel> OK got it working
02:44 <+LadySaavik> How long can ddnet stay up with DoS every single day? 1 month, maybe 2?
02:45 <+LadySaavik> nfo is reacting very bad to the DoS
02:45 <+Learath2> worst case I'll grab a new server ddosman, no worries
02:46 <+LadySaavik> cool
02:46 <+LadySaavik> from new provider?
02:47 <+Learath2> idk havent thought about it yet, I'm very busy studying nowadays
02:47 <+LadySaavik> what you study?
02:47 <+Learath2> CEng, but currently studying for a math class
02:47 <+Learath2> what do you do ddosguy?
02:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <tght> do you guys know who is even ddosing
02:48 <+LadySaavik> I just sit down in front of my computer to see the DoS
02:48 <+Learath2> this lad claims it's him
02:49 <+Learath2> LadySaavik: that's what you do all day? no studying no working?
02:49 <+LadySaavik> Learath how about pay me ? so i stop
02:49 <+LadySaavik> no study
02:49 <+LadySaavik> no work
02:49 <+LadySaavik> Free life
02:49 <+Learath2> I'd rather pay for a server, then pay someone who won't even stop ddosing :)
02:50 <+LadySaavik> :/ what kind of server
02:50 <+Learath2> That sounds pretty boring to me tbh, how do you even sustain your living expenses anyways?
02:50 <+LadySaavik> like 10 Gbps server?
02:50 <+Learath2> family money?
02:51 <+LadySaavik> i do striptease for old ladies
02:51 <+Learath2> doubt I'd pay for a 10gbe link, i'd rather buy things for myself
02:52 <+Learath2> wouldn't have thought that'd pay much, interesting
02:53 <+LadySaavik> well i got a lot of old ladies perverts who wants my services
02:53 <+LadySaavik> it depends on your clients
02:53 <+Learath2> so why are you so mad at us? (and Saavik whom I don't even see playing much anymore btw)
02:55 <+LadySaavik> i liked saavik, she sent nudes to me a long time ago, but she knew that i loved her and choosed deen over me
02:55 <+LadySaavik> since that day i promised to myself that would  tale revenge on deen
02:55 <+LadySaavik> take*
02:56 <+Learath2> it's not even hurting de*n, you are just hurting the community
02:56 <+Learath2> he isn't even around most of the time to see your dos
02:56 <+LadySaavik> ddnet is deen's baby
02:57 <+Learath2> punishing others for someone elses wrongdoings is just petty
02:58 <+LadySaavik> bro, but you all can live without ddnet, its just a server, move on
02:59 <+Learath2> too much work, and whatever we move on to will just be essentially ddnet with a new name
03:00 <+LadySaavik> ok
03:00 <+LadySaavik> cqn i be admin?
03:00 <+Learath2> so why don't you stop wasting all our times and find another way to handle your personal feud deen so that everyone can keep playing?
03:01 <+LadySaavik> Ok if Lady Saavik becomes my friend agaik
03:01 <+LadySaavik> again*
03:01 <+Learath2> she isn't even around anymore, can't you just move on?
03:02 <+LadySaavik> she is, she plays on kog
03:02 <+Learath2> pick up a hobby or do some actual work, seriously, sitting home all day watching a screen isn't good for you
03:02 <+Learath2> been there done that, gets boring really quickly
03:03 <+LadySaavik> ok give me dev role and i stop DoS forever
03:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <tght> LadySaavik
03:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <tght> what country you from?
03:04 <+LadySaavik> Narnia (xD wtf i can't tell you)
03:04 <+Learath2> What will you even do with the dev role?
03:04 <+LadySaavik> i will fix bugs
03:04 <+Learath2> also why are you scared to tell where you live? countries are huge, I doubt we can find you by asking around :D
03:05 <+Learath2> LadySaavik: pick a bug, fix it, I'll give you the role
03:05 <+Learath2> !ping
03:05 <@Nimda> Pong!
03:06 <+LadySaavik> ok
03:06 <+LadySaavik> For real?
03:06 <+tght> wait, LadySaavik , why exactly do you ddos ddnet
03:07 <+Learath2> LadySaavik: yeah sure, why not?
03:07 <+LadySaavik> cuz deen took away the girl i loved, but thats the past
03:07 <+LadySaavik> ok im gonna stop the ddos, brb
03:10 <+tght> I don't see the point ddossing a community if one dude in it offended you...
09:37 <@deen> Learath2: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-scripts/blob/master/ddnet-setup but I can also do it if you want, takes about half an hour.
09:47 <@deen> onby: If you want to do bot detection, I guess we could provide you with teehistorian files and you can do your analysis on them to detect patterns. Not sure why devs should feel bad about wanting to work on one thing and not another though.
09:47 <@deen> "LadySaavik": lol
09:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <onby> i dont think the devs should feel bad about making useful bug fixes lol that wasnt my point, its just my opinion that bot detection should be important too
09:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <onby> and why me? i dont play ddrace or know very much about the specific cheats people use in ddrace
09:59 <@deen> So if it is more important TO YOU then go ahead and work on it. Why not you?
10:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <qshar> @ fake "LadySaavik" and why do you ddos KoG servers as well? Did we took away your girlfriend too?
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <onby> having an opinion about something doesnt automatically qualify me to be able to do that thing
12:29 <@deen> qshar: you have some working firewall rules?
14:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <qshar> yep
14:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <qshar> but PM me in discord, because I don't want to write it in public channels.
15:40 <+Toto> hi
15:43 <@heinrich5991> hi
15:44 <+Toto> QShar i am Not DoSing your shitty servers, stop talking trash, and you have "working firewall rules"? don't make me laugh, let me finish with DDNet and then i will DoS your shitty server, and i was planning to do something really bad to DDNet today but i am sleepy, you will have to wait till tomorrow to see it
15:49 <@heinrich5991> how do I control Nimda? I'd like to stop it from voicing people in this channel
15:49 <@heinrich5991> â€¦
15:49 <@heinrich5991> laxadedi, laxa ?
15:49 <+laxadedi> yes ?
15:50 <+laxadedi> !help lockdown
15:50 <@Nimda> Locks down the channel by setting the moderated flag and voicing all known users. New users are asked to reply with a text to get voice. Type the command again to revert channel lockdown. Useful for bot invasions.
15:50 <+laxadedi> !lockdown
15:50 <@Nimda> You have to be an operator in this channel to use !lockdown.
15:50 <+laxadedi> heinrich5991: you should use !lockdown
15:51 <@heinrich5991> !lockdown
15:51 <@Nimda> Ending channel lockdown.
15:51 <@heinrich5991> ty
15:53 <@deen> Ryozuki: about the birthday eventy, should I announce something or what?
15:53 <@deen> Ryozuki: I'd expect you to write the forum post, then I'd link to it from website/client
15:55 <@deen> qshar: Too bad, I'm not using Discord anymore
15:55 <+Ryozuki> ill write the post today or tomorrow then
15:56 < Mona> hello
15:56 < Mona> Heinrich can i ask you?
15:57 <@heinrich5991> you already did :P
15:57 <@heinrich5991> what's the matter?
16:01 < Mona> This is personal now, give the thanks to qshar, and deen i use nfo too, there is no firewall rule that can protect your server from what i am planning to do, i swear i will do whatever it takes to destroy ddnet, and i won't get bored, no no, i won't stop fucking idiot, you CAN'T fool me, i am Not stupid, let's see if tomorrow you still laughing when you see my evil plan in action
16:06 <@deen> Ryozuki: Great, thanks
16:07 <@heinrich5991> I disabled the irc â†’ discord bridge, because it seemed that irc was getting spammed to get attention on discord
16:07 <@heinrich5991> I forwarded your message to Ryozuki
16:10 <+AmuCookie> I really hope this guy will face some real life someday
16:11 <@deen> AmuCookie: No chance, at least from DoSing
16:14 <@deen> Police is unable to act on DoS attacks, especially when there are no company profits being hurt
16:14 <@deen> wb Ryozuki 
16:14 <@deen> so the event starts this Friday, right?
16:15 <+Ryozuki> yes
16:15 <@deen> I'll be kinda busy from Friday on, but I'll try to set everything up Thursday evening
16:16 <+Ryozuki> nice, 1 of the 2 maps needs the design to be finished butni think he will handle it, the mod one is ready
16:17 <@deen> cool, just send them to me when they're done for screenshots etc
16:17 <+Ryozuki> heinrich troy is cider
16:17 <+Ryozuki> ok
16:18 <@deen> Thanks for the feature and writing the forum post etc, Ryozuki. And say thanks to hi_leute_gll too for the maps
16:19 <+Ryozuki> no problem ;)
16:20 <+Ryozuki> tinakro helped too :P
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <qshar> @deen thats sad. We decided to do the opposite, we are moving everything to Discord and closing our forum.
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <qshar> Well, we can always chat in PM on DDNet forum or anywhere else.
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the bridge is one-way for now. deen can read your answer but cannot respond
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> sorry for the inconvenience
16:22 <@deen> qshar: discord felt like I was reading messages 1 hour every day but only saw 1 useful post every week
16:22 <@deen> so I'm trying to cut down on wasting time a bit
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> why?
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> because people used IRC to spam discord
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ah ye
16:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> teeworlds 7 will never be a thing, right?
16:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> teeworlds 0.7 will never be a thing, right?
16:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> idk
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @heinrich5991 can you move the 0.7 skin system to ddnet client? then everyone with ddnet client can use the new system and for players without ddnet client youre just a brownbear if yout skin is brownbear with some decoration stuff, so other clients would just take the plain skin of it without decoration
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> I Like the 0.7 skin system too :D. BTW how much ddos/dos input u get, if I may ask
17:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @heinrich5991 can you move the 0.7 skin system to ddnet client? then everyone with ddnet client can use the new system and for players without ddnet client youre just a brownbear if your skin is brownbear with some decoration stuff, so other clients would just take the plain skin of it without decoration
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> mhmh. I probably wouldn't want to implement that :/
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> the first time i get support by jupstar xd^^
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if someone were to do that, you'd have to think about compatibility with old skins as well ^^
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> the client can check wether its a 0.6 skin or 0.7 by looking at the size of the picture
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not about technical compatibility
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but people like their old skins
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> how do they work with the new system?
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> Yeah just switch and kinda support both
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> meh
17:17 < AmuCookie> I plan to work on teeworlds/ddnet related dev stuff next year to learn and gain experience (also for fun) while I complete my Master. If you guy have some idea I can try implement them in my own branch
17:22 <@heinrich5991> AmuCookie: cool :)
17:23 <@heinrich5991> people on the other side of the bridge cannot hear you right now :/
17:23 <@heinrich5991> mmh. we should probably think about fun issues/projects for new devs
17:29 < AmuCookie> Good idea ^^
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> the client can check wether its a 0.6 skin or 0.7 by looking at the size of the picture
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> and if its a 0.6 skin you can also add decoration but its displayed the right way
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i dont know the dimensions of the skins, but i think they are different
17:45 < Ryozuki> test
17:50 < Ryozuki> i have no voice, does someone read this?
17:51 < AmuCookie> Yes
17:53 < Ryozuki> deen, will you release a new client version when the event starts?
17:53 < Ryozuki> so people that play with entities can see them
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> That wouldn't really matter... Just use another directory. Its more about the network stuff. It requires a new packet, and can only be sent to the specific client versions
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> And well... Actually implement it xd
18:32 <+Learath2> heinrich5991: can you +o me aswell? preferably with Q
21:25 <@heinrich5991> Learath2: no, apparently I can't
21:25 <@heinrich5991> [21:24:40] *Q* You do not have sufficient access on #ddnet to use chanlev.
21:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ez
22:05 <+Learath2> deen: chanlev pls :)
22:17 < miamia> hi
22:18 < miamia> I don't have access to the IRC logs, so this might have been ask
22:18 < miamia> but are all the DDNet servers getting hit right now ?
22:18 < miamia> GER and RUS look unavailable
22:19 <+Learath2> yeah as always for the last 2 couple weeks
22:19 < miamia> Unfortunately I noticed for the last weeks
22:19 < miamia> but even the website is unavailable ?
22:19 <+Learath2> website looks fine for me
22:20 < miamia> oh, weird
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> im currently in menu_settings.cpp and im trying to create a new column for checkboxes on the right sides of the "Tee" tab. how do i get that to work?
22:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> feel free to ping me with @heinrich5991 if you want to ask me ðŸ˜ƒ
22:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> okay
22:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> so do you know an answer @heinrich5991 ?
22:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i mean ofc you do
22:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> working on it ^^
22:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> thanks
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this seems to be splitting the display into the areas:
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991>         MainView.HSplitTop(20.0f, &Label, &MainView);
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991>         Label.VSplitLeft(280.0f, &Label, &Dummy);
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991>         Label.VSplitLeft(230.0f, &Label, 0);
22:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
22:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> argh, this could really use a UI designer of some sorts ðŸ˜¦
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do you understand what HSplitTop and VSplitLeft do, @fokkonaut ?
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> nope
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> okay
22:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> these are methods on `CUIRect`
22:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> CUIRect represents a rectangle on the screen
22:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> with `HSplitTop`, you can split the rectangle in two other rectangles, with a horizontal line between them
22:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> i.e. the two resulting rectangles will be on top of each other
22:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ok
22:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `MainView.HSplitTop(20.0f, &Label, &MainView)` takes the `MainView` rectangle, splits off 20 pixels (?) at the top, and returns the resulting rectangles in `Label` (the top one) and `MainView` (the bottom one)
22:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> clear?
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> aaa
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ok lemme try
22:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 let's render a chromium web view for the hud? ðŸ˜„
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> nah
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but a UI designer would still be nice
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I couldn't look at the code and tell what's what, even after starting the client
22:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991: @Jupstar âœª mentioned the split functions are kinda backwards on here I think ðŸ˜›
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> are they?
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> search for vsplit in the log
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don't really remember if they are btw
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> nah, cbb right now
23:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i dont really get it but it doesnt matter right now, thanks^^
23:11 < ddnet-commits> [ddnet] fokkonaut closed pull request #1205: added coala skins (master...master) https://git.io/fNY8D
23:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> also @heinrich5991 one more question
23:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i dont really get how i can make the prefix, i mean if i have 2 buttons, both are checked then
23:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (you can also update your PR instead of closing it)
23:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> oh xd
23:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> make a config option `cl_skin_prefix` or so, and then the checkboxes can change that to `kitty` or `coala`, respectively
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if you enable one of the checkboxes while the other is enabled already, the non-clicked one should become disabled
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i dont get how i do that
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> like radio boxes, except that you can unselect everything as well
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> because both were highlited even if my mouse hovered only over one
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then you probably assigned them the same UI id or something
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the first parameter of `DoButton_CheckBox` is the ID, I think
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and I guess that has to vary for every UI element
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yup, first parameter is ID:
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `int DoButton_CheckBox(const void *pID, const char *pText, int Checked, const CUIRect *pRect);`
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ohhhh
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> okok
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i will try
23:20 <@deen> Ryozuki: can release new client tomorrow?
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ok i have the checkbox onthe right side now
23:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> but when i try to click it the left dummy settings box will be clicked
23:24 < Ryozuki> deen, sure
23:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do you have unique IDs for every checkbox?
23:24 < Ryozuki> deen, when should publish the post? i have it ready
23:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> mh.
23:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> alternatively: have you restricted the width of the `Dummy Settings` column?
23:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> how
23:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it seems it goes all the way to the right without your changes
23:28 <+Learath2> Ryozuki: tomorrow if it please me lord
23:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> how do i restrict the widt
23:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> width
23:31 < Ryozuki> Learath2, it pleases me my jester
23:31 < Ryozuki> Learath2, what hour to be precise
23:32 <+Learath2> does 1200 work for you?
23:33 < Ryozuki> 24h? yes
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Nah ok i will continue tomorrow
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> tired
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> 10h train today
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the same like the other columns are restricted ^^
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> rest well ðŸ™‚
23:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ty
23:36 <+Learath2> Ryozuki: y
23:37 < Ryozuki> Learath2, dont worry ill post it at 11:59 cause u know im a rebel
23:37 <+Learath2> aha, I knew it
