01:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ExP> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/342454474117218334/725130443011260516
01:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ExP> Ghost bug
07:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <n000b> @ExP u are the second person this week to tell usğŸ˜‹
08:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://www.reddit.com/r/C_Programming/comments/hej4a3/why_uintptr_t_is_superior_than_void/
08:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> "In C or C++, as mandated by the strict aliasing rule, pointer arguments in a function are assumed not to alias if they point to fundamentally different types, except for char* and void*, which may alias to any other type. Some compilers allow the strict aliasing rule to be turned off, so that any pointer argument may alias any other pointer arguments. In this case, the compiler must assume that any accesses through these pointers can alias
08:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :poggers:
09:30 <+ChillerDragon> omg they took github down to make new ugly ui :/
09:30 <+ChillerDragon> time to move to @Ryozukis gogs instance :D
09:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :greenthing:
10:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> hello I have a problem with mysql when I go to the server to do (/top5) nothing is displayed and its gives me the same error for (/mapinfo)
10:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725259087008497734/unknown.png
10:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I use the ddnet 0.6 / 0.7 mod
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Your mysql server is set to use latin1 encoding
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> you have to switch it to the utf8mb4
10:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> i think in /etc/mysql/my.cnf and restart the mysql server
10:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> With the ddnet7 mod, mysql works very well.
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725263227164033125/unknown.png
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> are you using mysql btw or mariadb?
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> we only tested with mariadb
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I only use MySQL
10:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh, didn't know we broke it :/
10:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I have to do like her?
10:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725264598017769472/unknown.png
10:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> at the bottom I see latin1 as the default
10:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> would be good to change that to utf8mb4
10:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I have changed now I will try
10:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> this should fix /mapinfo
10:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but top5 is probably still broken
10:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> ```[2020-06-24 10:26:05][sql]: MySQL Error: COLLATION 'utf8mb4_general_ci' is not valid for CHARACTER SET 'latin1'```
10:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I always have the same error when I change and after I restart mysql
10:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25852239/collation-utf8-general-ci-is-not-valid-for-character-set-latin1
10:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> @deen couldn't going into /spec send also that char update with info the tee is not chatting?
10:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> (but with utf8mb4 instead of utf8)
10:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Soreu yes, that would be the clean solution
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> how i can put them in utf8
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725267226692681768/unknown.png
10:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> in /etc/mysql there should be config files where you can change that
10:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I opened all the files in mysql and there is nothing written (latin1)
10:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> i'm using ubuntu 18.04
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ok, then latin1 is just the default
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> in my.cnf you could at the end put the settings
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> ok
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Something like this:
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ```
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> [client]
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> default-character-set = utf8mb4
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> [mysqld]
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> character-set-server = utf8mb4
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> [mysqldump]
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> default-character-set = utf8mb4
10:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> [mysql]
10:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> default-character-set = utf8mb4
10:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ```
10:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and then restart mysql
10:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> now the (/mapinfo) works well but not the (/rank & /top5)
10:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725270284999065670/unknown.png
10:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, those are a different issue. I asked Zwelf to take a look
10:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> ok thanks
10:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> upgrading mysql could also help, what version are you running?
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh u merged it
10:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> this is the last update
10:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> however the ddnet7 mod works very well when you execute the top5 command
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, we changed something there recently
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> you could revert to DDNet 13.2.2 for now
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> until we fix it
10:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> I can wait it doesn't matter I tested the version if it works well
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> that worked for me
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @deen don't collect $200 ğŸ™‚
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725279690654220299/unknown.png
11:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @jason54 can you tell me the mysql version for reproducing?
11:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> because mysql 8 seems to support it
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> @deen
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725287896881299456/unknown.png
12:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ok, that explains it
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> it comes from me?
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> See the discussion in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2343
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Basically you're using an old MySQL version on your distribution. We are thinking about whether we want to keep supporting them
12:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> so i will try to install mariadb
12:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> you also need at least mariadb 10.2, so it's possible your distribution doesn't have that as well. which distro and version are you using?
13:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> now it works very well thank you
14:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> 0.7 has no color change delay so they can basically be rainbow
14:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @nori are you sure? I do see the spam protection there in the code
14:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> @Learath2 yes
14:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Learath2 i think its only clientsidr
14:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> no some1 in game doing this
14:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ah no
14:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> yea
14:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @nori what do you mean?
14:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> No delay
15:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> https://gfycat.com/ultimateearlyflounder
15:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bubliman> nothing to see here ğŸ¤
15:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bubliman> https://tenor.com/view/fizzer1k-5597-3689-move-along-nothing-to-seehere-gif-12353147
15:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah instead of letting people know of the bug abuse it
15:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> class act
15:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @nori were you on 0.6?
15:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I see what I missed
15:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> atleast it was only visual so I don't have to clean up ranks
15:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bubliman> when is the patch going online?
15:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> as soon as it compiles
15:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> $build_status
15:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¢
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> @Learath2 yes was on 0.6
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @jao you seem to have broke the check for master somehow, it should still be pending
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> @Learath2 is it possible to use 0.7 compatibility layer to connect sixup servers on client side?
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> That was the initial plan actually, but it proved a little too hard
15:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bubliman> R.I.P fun ğŸ˜¦
15:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The entire protocol is there if you want to try implementing it, but it's quite a bit of work
15:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> this is so sad
15:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> not like I can restart the servers with people on it, so you get to mess with it a couple more hours atleast
15:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bubliman> @Learath2 why is the emote timer so low? seems glitchy
15:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We used to have it slower, but apparently people enjoyed this more for some reason, idk
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> $build_status
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¢
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> :danAmazing:
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> Am I correct in assuming that GameID in the record_race database is the Client ID?
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> If not, what is it?
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> storing the client id makes 0 sense
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> gameid is probably the ddnet server version
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont remember
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> Server version wouldn't make sense either as they are heavily differing on the same day
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ?
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> just look at the source code
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> thats true too
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> ty
16:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> pData->m_GameUuid
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think its random
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> RandomUuid
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> Can't be that random
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725352508293120180/unknown.png
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> right side is the amount of occurences
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hmm look at what RandomUuid
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> does
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> github search feature is rly bad
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> ikr
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> Well either way, I don't think the UUID matters that much to me anyway. Thus I am probably just going to ignore it
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> Thank you anyway though
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> gameid is the teehistorian id
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's randomly generated after each map change and server restart
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> 816 occurences still sound a bit high. is that run_blue? ^^
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> > 816 occurences still sound a bit high. is that run_blue? ^^
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> it's luminati
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725361157250220122/unknown.png
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do you understand the gameid now?
16:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> I think about half of it? semi-random teehistorian ID, with some correspondence to the map
16:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's completely random, each time a new map is started on the server
16:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> I atleast understand now that it doesn't hold any information I will be using ^^
16:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Dracer> good to know what it is thought
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> "222 commits to master since this tag "
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> looks like this is gonna be a big update
16:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> massive
16:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> sad my feature got closed
16:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> which one?
16:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> freeze
16:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> most things use client capabilities, like irc
16:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the excuse that its hard to maintain cuz possiblities, i find it a bit weak, you just need more testing then
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this one https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2307 @Learath2
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> gl in seeing /spec tees in dark areas
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> eh we don't really need the client capabilities though
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> @Ravie "also if the outline isn't visible in very dark areas, the nickname definitely will be."
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> you can disable name plates
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'm playing with nameplates disabled
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> you can also disable the spec tees
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> also it shouldnt matter much if u cant see them
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Lady Saavik well you couldn't see them at all before, now you can see them a little better ğŸ˜›
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its not like they are super important
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> enable nameplates u can see them before u can see the tee
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> =easy advantage
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> short names = ez advantage
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we really should do a issue cleanup
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> true
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> lol
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> most old issues
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> are invalid
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i made a list a day ago which got addressed tho
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> i can see `heinrich5991` from a mile away
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i thing we should do this one asap https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/198
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we need to have a good idea
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> that wont be hated
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> there actually aren't that many maps dark enough to have the circle not visible at all
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> meh I really liked the 4th option much better then all the others but I guess we have the transparent one now
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> @Ryozuki for me spec tees are important and others weapons aren't, what now
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I think /spec is much more useful on kog
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont care about kog
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> you can see who's alive etc
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well u can now see spec tees
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we only improved
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whats your complain here
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u can get it on kog if their admins work
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we still have a bug with it though https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2344
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and implement the ddnet character network
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ye
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe u got an idea for a fix
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'd guess send characters for spec'ed tees as well
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I don't complain
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and add a flag that says they're spec'ed
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (only for ddnet version >= something)
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the ddnet char does that already??
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I'm just thinking about a solution that will work well for most players
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> for some reason its not sent or something
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we don't send a character when someone is spec'ed, I think @Ryozuki
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> not only for one specific group or settings
17:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (this is our way of making them invisible)
17:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> stop being so aggressive towards me
17:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah yes sure
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> even on relatively dark maps and in freeze it's pretty visible, unless your display is on the surface of the sun
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725366766460469308/unknown.png
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> > i dont care about kog
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> @Ryozuki that's sad, as we always cared about old versions, vanilla client, ppl playing with different settings and so on
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Lady Saavik the feature could also be used by kog ğŸ™‚
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yes, they justn eed to implement this
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we're not doing something exclusively for ddnet servers
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its not possible to do it backwards compatible
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> @Ravie left is barely visible for me + in game it would be smaller
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I can see it clearly with my brightness on 50% in a relatively bright room
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> the point is to keep it as subtle as possible at the same time
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> yes I like the version without feet
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 by flag you mean playerflag?
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I mean a flag in the extended playerobj
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do we have something like that already?
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we have a DDNetPlayer
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i guess its that
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ye, that probably
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ye
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah no
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> DDNetCharacter
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the thing is ddnetcharacter already has that
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ExPlayerFlags = ["AFK", "PAUSED", "SPEC"]
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah nice
17:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so we can just still send the `Character` (which we currently don't) to up-to-date ddnet clients
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that will then know to not display the tee as-is, but as spec'ed
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> does that automatically not send stuff to 0.6 clients? @Learath2
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> template magic stops that
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'm scared
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> me too
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The time to complain about it was when I was struggling with it a couple weeks ago
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ^^
17:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 messages in the protocol7 namespace use one version of `SendPackMsg` and the rest the original version
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> SendChatTarget with target -1 sounds like a bad idea
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 a speced character is NetworkClipped?
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i guess its that
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> @Learath2 `elif any(c['status'] == 'pending' for c in data['check_suites']):` whats wrong?
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> idk it was showing green while it was still building
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> $build_status
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¢
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> like right now
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki I think it's
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if (m_Paused)
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991>         return;
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hmm i guessz
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (pause <-> spec got switched around by deen at some point, might be an artifact of that)
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> should i just add an enum somewhere?
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Can someone fix #2337 for me?
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2337
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> @Learath2 i copied it from u
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki enum for what?
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> well it's quite possible that I had it wrong, I'll take a look
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the version
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> 13022
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> doesnt work
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> even sending the ddnet char always
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> doesnt work
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> weird
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe its just a client bug
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do you always send the non-ddnet char?
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that's the place where the position is
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> wait
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725376000514326619/unknown.png
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> doesnt work either
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hmmmm
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> you know that the player is spectating
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> shouldnt the client know the pos anyway
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> idk
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im confused
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> \/spec is the thing that makes your tee disappear
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> maybe ::Snap isn't even called
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> because it's probably removed from the gameworld
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> have you checked if it's getting called?
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh wait
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> in
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> CNetObj_DDNetCharacter
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we dont actually get m_Spec
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ?
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah, it's in the explayerflags
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ye
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but the tee probably isn't snapped
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so the client has no idea where the fuck the tee is supposed to be ğŸ˜›
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> true, i guess already connected clients keep the character
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 what is FakeSnap?
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> for 16player compatibility
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> One day I hope we'll actually collaborate on features rather then people writing behemoths
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> wdym
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> arent we collaborating? :justatest:
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> we are collaborating on the project, but none of the actual features, it's a mishmash of one man projects glued together by deen
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whats ur solution
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, deen pulls together the project a lot
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> how about we all talk about things before going ahead and implementing thousands of lines
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'm sure we could have come up with a lot more cleaner structure for sixup if people actually wanted to talk about it
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> or the http masters, another waste of time, I implemented 3-4 versions of it, heinrich implemented god knows how many, you started doing a couple
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> which one do we have right now? none because it's not easy to write a feature of this size without discussion and collaboration
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i wasnt rly interested in 0.7 support :/
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @Learath2 maybe its just that we have 4 developers
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> not much tbh
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> 4-6
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> how is that a waste of time
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> http masters would be awesome
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you're right, more collaboration would help even features
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @onby the waste of time is that we have like 10 attempts or so, but none is in the actual codebase
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @onby we all implemented a version of it a couple times over, yet we don't have a single release candidate
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> whats wrong with all the attempts?
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> surely they arent much worse than the udp one
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we also lack player testing
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we find bugs most of the time after releasing
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 one of the reasons for that might be that we have different activity cycles
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> if theyre implemented redundantly (like, patches for clients/servers to register to these servers as well as the normal ones) then even in the worst case it would be okay
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It'd be nice if we could find a group of people that are willing to help us test release candidates
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> servers to register, clients to pull list from**
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> if we think how the http master should work, implementing it is a breeze, atleast the code outside ddnet
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 you're very active with the prs today ğŸ™‚
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> like the normal master
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> except http
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> lol
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> why should the underlying idea change
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> just got back from cycling and got > 50 emails from github alone ğŸ˜„
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this was in my todo on a master i was making in golang:
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> 
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Servers should be able to register both ipv4 and ipv6 and be identified as the same server.
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Clients should be able to know a ipv4 and ipv6 belongs to the same server.
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Master server should ping server entries to know that port is forwarded and clients can connect aka "fwcheck".
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Prevent multiple entries across masters
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Add a maximum amount of registered servers per ip
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Admin endpoints or maybe use a websocket server
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>     Add better logging
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> even if the http masters were functionally a clone of the udp ones it would still be an improvement bcs its more resistant to spoofing and other kinds of attack
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> these other features would be nice too but not a reason to put it off
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @onby I had it working on #1834 and a shitty PoC server coded in python
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/1834
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> heinrich5991 commented 1 hour ago
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> Not working on this right now.
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> pff
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> heinrich no u
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but its true
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> He is right though, we are not working on this right now
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it was abandoned
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> well i dont say it has to be done now
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> but i think it would be good to do eventually
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> However I'm quite sad that a request for comment only received one comment, the one closing it ğŸ˜„
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :justatest:
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe we should have a roadmap
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> with features to discuss and implement
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 I have a feeling this breaks chat in demos, but I don't know whether it worked before
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> well if my opinion was important and i wasnt lazy to login to github i wouldve commented in support of this ğŸ˜…
18:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I mean pretty much everyone supports the idea, I was more looking for comments on the protocol, the implementation
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 is there a specific line that gave you the feeling?
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> eh yes
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i doont understnad why the char doesnt send a snapshot
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I think previously the server code handled the -1
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ronan> @noby translate this to non nerd pls
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki I think OnSnapshot is not getting called, could you verify that?
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> http masters are better because http is based on tcp which is a lot harder to do spoofed ddos attacks against
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ronan> ah yes
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 I'd guess now the server sees each chat message multiple times
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ronan> do that
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> how does that even work with 0.6/0.7 stuff
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> [11:05 AM] Learath2: I mean pretty much everyone supports the idea, 
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> heh guess so xd
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I bet that broke it already ğŸ˜„
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i cant find anywhere OnSnapshot in code
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I asked about this a couple weeks ago aswell when I first added the `CHAT_SIX` thing
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ripgrep
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the function you posted
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> where you showed that you changed it @Ryozuki
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> Snap(
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> theorically its always called when u snap the world
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not if the character isn't in the world
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> which I think it isn't while you're in spec
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well I don't have a fix for it and it needs to be fixed for a release
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> int CPlayer::Pause(int State, bool Force)
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont see this method deleting the character
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's so easy to verify whether Snap is getting called
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> why don't you try it?
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ok wait
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ryozuki ProcessPause calls `CCharacter::Pause` which is what removes the character
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and the character is removed in `CCharacter::Pause` which is called from your function
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ohh
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> apparently heinrich made it
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> then i should simply not remove the entity
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I made /spec and remade /pause back in the days ğŸ˜‰
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki but then it suddenly has collision and so on
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> you can't not remove the entity
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hjmhhmhmhmh
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's sensible that it's no longer in the world
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> How do you retain the information when you join before someone goes in spec?
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ye, I also wondered about this ğŸ˜„
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> probably something akin to UAF ğŸ˜›
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> wats UAF
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> use after free
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (i.e. probably from some data structure that isn't meant to be live at that point)
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> test
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> all messages but test don't come through, @Ryozuki? ^^
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xD
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725383509203484742/unknown.png
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> on another discord sv
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think big servers get better hardware
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen now that I think about it, I think the sixup patch breaks a alot about serverside demo recording
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> so they work better
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what should i do then?
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen merged the PR *shrug*
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Learath2 luckily we don't use it
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ğŸ˜›
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 which pr?
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if we ever get teehistorian playback, that's the feature we're going to need ^^
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> "Ugly fix for SendChatTarget(-1 ...)"
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh, you had something nicer?
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It was broken way before that
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I wanted to get it in before the release
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> okay
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well seems like its difficult to find a fix to this bug
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> is transparency on the spec skin going to be adjustable? if so I could make one with full opacity (though the one with 40% seems just about right)
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> tbh i spent 10 mins wondering what snap meant, then i realized that it meant snapshot
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bit> found a small problem in ddnet web
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bit> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725384316728639599/-1c13f7f42f70c07c.png
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen Oh I have an even uglier patch that'd fix the demo issue with chat messages
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bit> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-web/blob/57474d5f0ab617a8a3d6090e3c5d6a75702aa21f/www/settingscommands/index.html#L352
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> an interesting question is why the feature works at all currently, @Ryozuki
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> where do you get the position of clients that aren't sent by the server from? https://discordapp.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/725382896671522846
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> when ur in spec u dont get snapped
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725384764709929020/unknown.png
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725384839787708476/unknown.png
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> first pic is with id 0 spec
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> second is all ingame
18:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 i think CNetObj_Character
18:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> there is prev and player
18:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, so you kinda rely on the data in there not getting updated
18:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki not sure how to best fix this
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well there is no trivial way
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> options that come to mind are: create a CNetObj_SpecTee with just position
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> which tells the client to display a spectee there
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bony> 1 new commit delete ddnet
18:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://www.yattag.org/ ğŸ™‚
18:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> or always snap the character, even if it's not in the world, by e.g. calling the snap function from the player when it's in spec
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> is that backwards compatible?
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> if you always snap the character it'll be part of the world
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder if you could hack it with snapping every character once when people first join
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> unless the client takes precautions to not do that, but I guess that gets ugly fast
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> pls no
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the CNetObj_SpecTee would work nicely though, I think
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think too
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Where have you been for the last week while I've been commiting hack after hack ğŸ˜„
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I didn't have a better solution to offer for the 0.7 compatibility
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> spec-tee@netobj.ddnet.tw :poggers:
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i love those emails
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xdd
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Anyway, yes spectee should work
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> or spec-char@netobj.ddnet.tw if we want to follow the naming convention of the code
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (to not refer to tees, but characters)
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> in the player, snap a spectee if the player is spec'd
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ok spechar
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> specchar
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hmm 2 c is ugly but ok
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> spec-char?
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well its SpecChar
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yea
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen should we wait for @Ryozuki to fix #2344?
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2344
18:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @jao I found the issue, the state can be queued aswell, not just pending
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> ok ill fix it
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> is 14 gonna be the steam release?
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> $build_status
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¡
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> looks good
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that will hopefully never turn red thanks to bors ğŸ˜‰
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> :justatest:
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well we do sometimes push quickly to fix a bug quicc
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> $build_status
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¡
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> shouldnt it be green now
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im working on the fix
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, the api is still returning queued for some
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> it looks green on the website
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, so odd, apparently commits/master/check-suites doesn't only return check suites for master
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> what else does it return#
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> it returns check-suites wherever that commit happened
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> so it also returns the ones in staging
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> :tee_thinking:
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> now i just need to know
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> how does the server remember the character position
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ryozuki the core of the character
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `pPlayer->m_pCharacter->Core().m_X`
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> m_pCharacter->Core()->m_Pos.x
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> careful to check m_pCharacter exists or it crashes in an interesting way
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ok thanks
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yay
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725393558173122590/unknown.png
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i just have to fix the nameplate
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i guess
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @jao need to filter the result by `head_branch`
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> nice dummy name
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> you can pr it or ill do it later
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :frozen:
18:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> whichever of us gets to it first ğŸ˜›
18:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ah, it's not that trivial for a ref anyway, need to first check that the ref is a branch to be able to filter by head_branch
18:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> so I guess maybe filter for just the github actions check
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725394810000638022/unknown.png
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ryozuki the nameplate fix looks trivial
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> yep :d
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yep
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> congrats, you no longer rely on undefined behaviour ğŸ˜›
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xD
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> though I wonder if the non active character could ever actually be deleted
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> include this in the release
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ‘€
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @deen @heinrich5991
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> $build_status #2353
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¢
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> rip mac
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> $build_status #2353
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸ”´
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ˜ 
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> mac
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> ğŸ™‚
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ˜¡
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> we can wait, i'm afk
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> sure
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> will release in the late evening i hope
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <NeXus> $build_status #69
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> Given issue is not a PR
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> @Ryozuki that would be better without alpha to use with showothers :d
19:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> $build_status #420
19:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> Given issue is not a PR
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ongby stoner
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> lol
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ehehe it's the weed number
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> :feelsamazingman:
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <NeXus> its hitlers bithday :justatest:
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> :justatest:
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Trafalgar Law> https://i.imgur.com/90tqDBm.png
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Trafalgar Law> THE NEW GITHUB DESIGN
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Trafalgar Law> :puke:
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Trafalgar Law> :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke: :puke:
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> blim sux
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> :troll:
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Trafalgar Law> ok
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i like it
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i just want dark themeÃ§
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :greenthing:
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> @deen how did you do that
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/725459206974603414/unknown.png
23:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @jason54 https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-scripts/blob/master/servers/scripts/create-votes.py with https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-scripts/blob/master/servers/motd/skeleton
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but adapting our scripts to your project is probably not easy, sorry :/
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jason54> ok
23:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki that's a really clean patch, I like it ğŸ™‚
23:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thanks :o
23:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess we should revert the earlier commit?
23:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, I was also surprised
23:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> it was so simple I was wondering if it could actually work like that ğŸ˜„
23:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ™‚
23:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Thanks to everyone for all the features, bug fixes and reviews for DDNet 14.0!
23:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> hm, autoupdater isn't working for me.  "parsing update.json" and then nothing
23:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> same
23:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <0xc000f> Someone can help me to do a easy coding in ddnet pls?
23:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> json_parse returns null, but the json is valid...
23:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ah
23:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> i know why
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> enlighten us ğŸ˜‰
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> fixed
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> the json file is > 16 KB but we write it into a 16 KB buffer ....
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oops
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> now I have removed auto-updating for some older clients
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> this means we'll need another updater-update
23:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> this cl_show_spec tee dont work
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> needs server support, servers aren't restarted yet
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> i think?
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> oh
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> it doesn't seem like something that would need servers support haha
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> hm, no, actually I also don't see it working on restarted server ğŸ˜„
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> how is that possible, just tested it locally...
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ah, works. I had an old client running ğŸ˜„
