00:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> @heinrich5991 what kind of variable would be useful
00:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> anything in that function or class would be nice
00:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> rlh_record_in should be 3 at most and 0 at least
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> is that useful atall
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> can we look at the value of `dist`
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> or did it not reach that point
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, it's a large negative value
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> which
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> dist?
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> dist
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> O_O
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> well
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> i guess thats the problem ..
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> lets add check for that
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but I don't know if we can trust the debug info
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> ```        int dist = (hx * hx) + (hy * hy);
00:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby>         dist = dist ? (int)sqrt(dist) : dist;```
00:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> i figured
00:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> that this shouldnt be negative
00:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> wait why
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this is the debug info of another binary
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if it also matches this one, it's pure luck
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> f
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> 4:51 PM] heinrich5991: @noby do you have any variable whose value you know?
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> 
00:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> the problem is that pretty much every variable in that function is dependant on the position of the tee and the mouse
00:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> so if we cant tell those things then im not sure :x
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> need to wait for the next crash I guess üò¶
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> D:
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> why is the dbg info on this one messed up?
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> was it using the older binary
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, it was using the one I hadn't updated yet
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> ohh
00:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> aw
00:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> lets pretend that the update fixes it
00:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> üôÉ
00:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is there any config for repeating chat counter
00:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> `cl_friend_messages`
00:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> `cl_show_ids`
00:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is there any other commands that can affect chat now?
01:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is there any way friend pass that exp?
01:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> `if (m_aLines[r].m_ClientID >= 0 && m_aLines[r].m_aName[0] != '\0')`
01:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is there any way friend will not pass that exp?
01:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> `if (m_aLines[r].m_ClientID >= 0 && m_aLines[r].m_aName[0] != '\0')`
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> mhhh, maybe if he has no name
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> is it the valid reason
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> to break the chat
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> you can also change that line, the problem was just then the chat message window itself was r == 0
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so it did add ": " for me üòÑ
01:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> maybe u can check it somehow else
01:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> like when u are typing stuff
01:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> fuck it, it will just not show the heart if you're friend with player named null
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Does it look like an old chat?
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766074895506866196/unknown.png
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> If so, I'm ready. The only thing left is to make a toggle in game setting hud
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well the : is obv different but i already knew that üòÑ
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I will not fallback the ":" thing
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so yes, looks same
01:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> don't even ask me
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> idc about it btw
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> the most thing I was unsure about is heart
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i just dont want code in the text.cpp xD
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> bcs the cursor can solve all your problems
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I've removed my "NewLineOffset" relaeted code from text.cpp
01:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I've removed my "NewLineOffset" related code from text.cpp
01:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Even improved old code a bit
01:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> for chat.cpp > OnPrepareLines
01:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in chat.cpp change whatever u want
01:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Im doing exactly that
01:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Didn't even want to change anything else
01:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but unfortunately I need width/height info of text containers
01:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> for my future updates as well. And someone else's I think
01:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> @heinrich5991 @Learath2 pls check repo
01:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è ok, but i'd prefer to have a proper reason to why u want it, bcs the textcursor can already return width and height
01:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so its just bloating the already bloating text.cpp even more
01:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> makes a rewrite just harder and harder
01:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ what members exactly
01:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> m_X returns the current X value, so you can check it against the X value before the function call,
01:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> same for Y
01:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> aligned size gives you the exact font size
01:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and so on
01:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> we can discuss this tomorrow or smth, just look around a bit üòÑ
01:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but you didnt have any width/height of text container
01:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well x advances the whole lines
01:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> if i am wrong, i'd still prefer to put it in the cursor not in the text container
01:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ But if you're using multiple cursors to edit the same container?
01:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> which I do ofc
01:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes u can just add floats to each other if u want the full size üòÑ
01:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I've made last commit, you can look at it if you want
01:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and give some commentary ofc
01:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah but not today, tomorrow üòÑ
01:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> k
01:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I'll just add toggle in setting menu and I'm done with chat, so that will be your problem now üòÑ
01:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> is it ok that my PR fails nearly all tests?
01:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Made a checkbox for old chat style in settings
01:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Chat is done now
03:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> hi guys
03:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> check this i maked wiki
03:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Draft:DDraceNetwork#cite_ref-1
03:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> Anyone want fix my wrongs or additions anything let him do that
03:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> Anyone want fix my wrongs or additions anything let him/her do that
04:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> thanks developers for take my suggestionüôå :brownbear:
04:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766127029258027038/b58139c8caa5d83d.png
04:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> for the second time:troll:
09:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i really hope windows puts out some update soon
09:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the guy in general also thought that the older clients worked
09:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> he also has a intel from 2019
09:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so not some old stuff xd
10:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Jupstar ‚ú™ honestly these issues occur way too often. I don't think we can just keep telling people to update drivers
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @deen so whats ur suggestion? block windows update, you must be aware that these reports magically happened like 1-2 weeks ago
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> before that nobody said anything
10:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh, it's a problem with the driver version windows delivers? I didn't follow closely, I assumed it was some gl code change we did using more features
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well he has a CPU from 2019, even if i use the most exotic opengl 4.5 function it has to work xD
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but yeah, appearently its since only 1-2 weeks, bcs then it started, and all had the same bug
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> then maybe let's write a website news at least?
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i've no proof, but i know that alot of ppl think that 14.7 and newer worked and the new GL code is since 14.6.2
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well you can do it, sure, wouldn't hurt
10:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> could you report it at microsoft?
10:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well since a driver update yet always solved the issue, its probably known
10:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but yeah can see if there is some report for it
10:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> would be nice if you could write the news post too üôÇ
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://bugs.documentfoundation.org/show_bug.cgi?id=95639
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this has happened
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> in the past
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> look this xD
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766212846731788318/unknown.png
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ppl get black screen right?
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but they are on windows
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> is that a forum for windows?
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeah this is windows
10:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u didnt even read the title
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but 2015
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> doesnt sound new xd
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :justatest:
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but they may have made the same issue
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> now
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> intel is known to have alot of problems always
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not even only opengl
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> when i searched the internet a bit yesterday i found so many bug reports
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://support.microsoft.com/de-de/help/4021566/windows-10-send-feedback-to-microsoft-with-feedback-hub-app
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they have a builtin app, but cant find any other way
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah german
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yes i understands
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> good, bcs u have to learn german anyway
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> no
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i do c++ with german keywords
10:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and force it into the world
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> german words are stupidly large
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xdd
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> falls(x == 0) {
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> }
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> mache {
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> } solange (x == 0)
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> english is  the best
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u dont have to press multiple keys
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> to do stuff like √º
10:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> cuz it doesnt exist
10:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> √§√∂√º are one key each :p
10:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> no
10:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> √±√ß are
10:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> well on a german keyboard at least
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @deen i am not good at writing, just write something like this, but in your own words xd:
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ---
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> layout: post
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> title: "Problems with Intel processors"
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> permalink: /news/intel-driver-problems/
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> tag: current
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ---
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> There were a lot of reports about for bugs and crashes with intel processors under Windows lately.
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> It might have been created by a windows update, which also updates the intel GPU's driver.
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> A driver update seemed to help with this situation (downloaded the latest driver for intel and update it with help of [this](//https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/Lenovo-Yoga-Series-Notebooks/Update-to-Latest-Intel-Graphics-Driver/m-p/4457633?page=1#4457786))
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> We hope that intel can solve their issue quickly, until then you can just try to follow the advice above.
10:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
10:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> Hi, I was wondering if it would be possible to have a 2nd HD option especially for a foreground in my case (so it remains an option)
10:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> Is it possible or not ? üòÆ
10:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> theoretically yes xd
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> if u really just mean that foreground would e.g. show the high details
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> lets say it like this:
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the client knows that is foreground and what is background
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and it could disable highdetails for one, while the other has it on
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> lets say it like this:
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the client knows what is foreground and what is background
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and it could disable highdetails for one, while the other has it on
10:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> I mean it could be like hd, you check yes on the wanted layers
11:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the client can already do this?
11:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it just doesnt split foreground and background
11:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so the only chance is to split foreground with background option, but not in the edtior
11:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in the editor you know whats foreground, bcs of the gamelayer ofc
11:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but if you mean a 2nd option for the same layer
11:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> that is not possible
11:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> only a second option to split between foreground and background layers
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> ok let me show you
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> https://youtu.be/pvR7KPCl2M0
11:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> I'd like the foreground, not playground, to be an option
11:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> aslong every layer after the gamelayer would be your definition of "foreground" then yes
11:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> else no
11:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> yep everything above it
11:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> or actually no the game layer graphics are above game as well
11:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> then it won't work probably, bcs in the client everything after the gamelayer is the foreground
11:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> so another HD (graphics/high details) option isn't conceivable?
11:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it would break vanilla compability
11:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so i guess ddnet wont allow it
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> hm I thought about it but in that case, wouldn't it just display it for vanilla players ?
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> only ddnet users would be able to show/hide it then
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766228447424282654/unknown.png
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> an option for these two is possible
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but not single layers inside these groups
11:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well maybe it is possible, but i dunno if they want it in ddnet üòÑ
11:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean everything is possible somehow xD
11:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> yeah, maybe it's possible without breaking compatibility ü§î
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> I thought I might just be the only one to use it but actually it'd be great to have a bar going from 0 to 2 (for HD 0, HD 1, HD 2) where you could decide how many details you want
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> looking in the editor yes
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> and not just nothing/everything as it currently is
11:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it'd be possible to add it for ddnet only, i dunno how sensitive the vanilla client is, but probs it will just ignore the flag
11:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> you could add another ~31 high detail steps as far as i can see
11:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> Ok, I'll wait for more opinion about it
11:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> anyway I can't code üòÑ
11:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Pipou  I think HD on/off is enough, wouldn't add more. It also means all have to be tested
11:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I think the foreground stuff looks cool
11:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> maybe make it a bit transparent to make it clear it's just graphical (if that's your worry)
11:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> I think it might be too much that's why I wanted to leave it as an option
11:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I understand, but we have too many options
11:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> yeah it's ok then
11:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> here is what it looks like without hd
11:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766234189221068810/unknown.png
11:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dont even understand whats the problem of having alot of options
11:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> we only save non defaults anyway
11:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> it's complexity
11:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> every combination of options can fail
11:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> only if its used more than 1 time tho
11:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> if you do 
11:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> int Detail = g_Config.m_HighDetails
11:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and that is the level of detail that doesnt add complexity
11:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 0 = no level of detail in this case
11:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 32=all
11:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> smth like that
11:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ok, in this case. but still annoying for testers having to check all 32 levels
11:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> can't it be less than 32?
11:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah was just an example
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> so people can adjust the design to their liking or pc performances
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> i think performance doesnt differ that dramatically. using a new feature to adjust the design to ones liking is not possible on any map released up to this point, would be another thing future mappers have to take care of
12:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> Yes of course
14:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ravie which version is it broken on
14:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I will pay whoever fixes the damn cmake issue on macOS where it obsessively links to our bundled libs
14:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ravie fwiw the texture UV works perfectly fine on master
15:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> Suggestion
15:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> Preparing a simplified map creation program
15:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> like this:greenthing:
15:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hussainx3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766290341942263818/e02a0340d725aa86.png
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @Learath2 @heinrich5991 What do you think about the option I mentioned earlier ? (concerning the HD option)
16:53 <+ChillerDragon> cockblock @Learath2
16:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> np
16:53 <+ChillerDragon> :p
16:53 <+ChillerDragon> took me whole day to find it xd
16:55 <+ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1602773668.png
16:56 <+ChillerDragon> i should have registered first before making a pr i guess
16:56 <+ChillerDragon> u ow me a infinite supply of shirts now learath xd
16:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'm not the one submitting shitPRs üòõ
16:57 <+ChillerDragon> its good
16:57 <+ChillerDragon> spaces are the worst
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ravie I don't really see why we need another option here. performance isn't a problem
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The only reason I could think of would be to let pros get a cleaner view of the map like they like but without stripping the entire design. Though I don't think anyone would use it
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> I have 2 people unable to update to the latest client version (15.1.1 to 15.1.2)
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> non steam version
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Any errors?
17:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> https://i.imgur.com/sVfHeEN.png
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> the other person also said something about ddnet info error
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah that fails sometimes, maybe we should disable the wwarning again or rate limit it
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> any way to solve this? or do they have to update to the newest version manually?
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> thats not about the version actually is it?
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well, it'd be nice to see the console if they don't mind
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'd like to see why the curl request failed
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> all I know is, they can't update to the newest version bcs the update button doesn't appear
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> i'll ask them @Learath2 abit difficult bcs they don't have discord
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its in the main menu now
17:25 <+ChillerDragon> @murpi they can hop on irc btw no need for discord
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > the other person also said something about ddnet info error
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @murpi 
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > Sometimes there is a popup "ddnet-info error" showing up. Moon, translate it to him
17:25 <+ChillerDragon> @murpi https://webchat.quakenet.org/ #ddnet 
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2 I updated about 2 days ago, just to be clear the bug happens when you select different combinations of quad corners
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/744292708926881832/766321705776971816/JrX38sbQDWE.jpg
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> is there a way to write the entire console output to a file?
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> or is the screenshot suffcient?
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> f1, logfile client.log
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and then restart cleint
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> where does it save the file?
17:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> dunno üòÑ
17:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> <a:aniblobsweat:455715193855672321>
17:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and the file keeps growing, mine is > 1 year old already
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> the screenshot doesn't show an error
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> maybe there's an error that we don't log
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Could you review my PR on chat update pls?
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> me?
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Idk, somwone who can finally check it, refactor if needed and merge
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I haven't really looked into it, saw that there was a discussion already
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> there is no need to rush is there
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we also haven't finished the discussion about what to do with the options yet
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Already done "old chat" config option
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> No need to discuss
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Don't like the new style - switch to completely same old
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> > The problem with introducing more and more config options to selectively disable certain features is that it becomes hard to impossible to change the existing code without breaking something, hindering the exploration of new features such as your PR. I'm trying to solve that problem by offering less configuration options, but still allowing players to go back to a version they liked.
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> citing myself
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that's what is to discuss
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> adding yet another config option is not sustainable
17:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but we could actually move that discussion out of the PR, couldn't we?
17:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> It is, because it's only one options to make ppl that don't like an update satisfied
17:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen not if players become used to those config options and annoy us due to that
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I mean only 1 new config option that solves the problem
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 then open a separate issue, make a milestone 15.2, and tag that issue with the milestone so that we decide on it before release
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> You could, btw, disable parts of an old style one by one in future updates
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So old players get used to new style slowly
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen okay, I can do that
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ravie how do you select multiple corners of a quad?
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Learath2 shift?
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> what do we do if it's not solved by then? revert the PR @deen
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> shift + left click
17:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 not release until it's solved
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> i mean the same issue existed for every configuration option we introduced in the last years. so it's a bit unfair to suddenly hold back one change because of it
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766324894404968578/console.txt
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> entire console output
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> k, I'm fine with that
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @murpi is that from the run where the error occured?
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Eeeeh, I don't really know what the behaviour would be if it behaved "correctly"
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If you select multiple corners and the U/V value are not meant to be the same, editing them together makes a mess as expected
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> @deen I have no idea
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> Is there a way to check if theres an update available via console?
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/744292708926881832/766321996002230382/qANtRHOgL70.jpg
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> lol
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> what console?
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> isn't he on the latest version?
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> bottom says one is available. Is that DDNet client from website or steam?
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> that's the reason I didn't have enough motivation to make any updates for ddnet. Because you spend a lot of time on useless discussions about "Old players may not like the update, so we will not release it. But we can make a config option to revert an update. But then there becomes to many config options, so we better don't release it" 
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and developments stays for months.
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> no, he's on 15.1 and 15.1.2 is available
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Honestly, the fact that we can't ever to a visual update is pissing me off. We shouldn't have to maintain options to keep the game looking the "same"
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> it's the client from the ddnet site
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> s\/to/do/
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Just stop being scared to improve the game already please
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I think it's understandable that it's hard to change UI when people have been used to it for > 10 years
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it's just one click to change it
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> tbf, whether it's an improvement is debatable, I don't really think the tees bring much to the table
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> it does look cute though
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, should have discussed previously if this is even wanted :/
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> should I just tell him to manually update then? :S
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it is wanted
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> should I just tell him to manually update then? :S
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> edit: them
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> how do you know?
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @murpi That log doesn't show an actual error, so I don't really see us being able to help them. They'll need to update by hand
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> is the auto updater off?
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> oki
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> shouldnt it always show the update button if a update is there
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh wait yeah
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yes, i'm checking the windows build right now
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder why autoupdate is off
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> damn, somehow the official build is without autoupdater
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @murpi yeah, manual download
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> The way you can deal with old unpleased players is to slightly remove old features one by one, making them get used to new styles/features/updates
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> if there is at least more then 75% players who likes an update.
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> If there is around 50% maybe it's better to:
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 1. Improve new feature, so more ppl want it
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 2. Make a config variable for choosing between new/old and support both
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i think the chat thing is cool as long as it's not buggy, ofc some ppl will not like it and they always complaain about it in discord but u can just add a "show  chat backdrop" or w/e in the options
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I already did `cl_chat_old` option
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> so, as I said already, there is nothing to discuss
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> move forward, update the game, stop discussing each update for months
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> not just cl_chat_old u should have a button in options
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766327748590567454/screenshot_2020-10-15_10-52-10.png
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> also why is this srv at top when i have both player+ping sorting
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> isnt it above 100 ping
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it's already a button in options
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hmmm @louis
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è Which update have we discussed for months?
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Your change is 2 days old and some of us have other things to do as well
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I thought each update which is not bug-fix
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> it's probably since it has over 64 players @heinrich5991, just a guess
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I left ddnet at that moment, but how long did it took you to accept and implement "showing map name instead of "Scoreboard" text in [tab]"?
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> just curious
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/1819
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> took 20 days to get merged, but I see no discussion
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> #861
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> took 1 month
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/861
17:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> lol yes
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that was a larger thing and we still have troubles ^^
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> idk what it included, but that shouldn't be so large
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> u cannot always make small prs
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> just new message from server on map load + simple text change on client side
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 1-2 days feature
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è I was really busy around that time since I moved to a new apartment and had lots of other things private things going on. I don't think you can expect responses in X days
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è I was talking about the opengl3 request that @Jupstar ‚ú™ mentioend ("larger thing")
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I see now. But the previous thing took 3/4 month to merge
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> when it's simple af
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and definitely an improvement
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766330169169674260/unknown.png
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> which previous thing?
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> lol i noticed the boxes dont line up btw
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> `"showing map name instead of "Scoreboard" text in [tab]"`
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they someone added a useless margin somewhere xd
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Which I suggested some years ago
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> It took 19 days, didn't it?
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So 3 weeks is 3/4 of month?
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è anyway, you pr changes the whole chatting, and we need to discuss anyway if we want this default or not
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ooh, I misread that as 3-4 months üòÑ
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> even if you like it doesnt mean others will like it
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> If the others don't like it turn this thing off omg
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766330732712296458/unknown.png
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> thats not how it works
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> If someone don't like it turn this thing off omg
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766330732712296458/unknown.png
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but this is a maintenance burden on us
18:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we now have to support two chat renderings (probably more, I think you added more than one option) going forward
18:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if you say: remove old options, then great, let's remove as many options as you have introduced
18:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> you don't need to support old chat. Have some time to see how many people like and play with new style
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> great, so tell us which old option we can remove
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dont like the background color
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> there are a lot of old options already @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the roundness looks bad in teeworlds
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> then, if its enough, force others to switch for new if there is a new update coming up that will fuck up old version
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we have lots of old options. which can we remove?
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > the roundness looks bad in teeworlds
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ agreed, don't worry, I will move on UI soon, after the chat update xD
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> e.g. show friends in chat, show repetition counters, show IDs
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess IDs isn't a maintenance burden (haven't checked) if it just changes the name
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > we have lots of old options. which can we remove?
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 show me the list of them pls
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è i have no problem with the UI changing, but chat is an ingame element
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its not comparable with the UI
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> or name the most popular ones
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > e.g. show friends in chat, show repetition counters, show IDs
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 force everyone to turn this on, except for IDs. IDs should be kept as debug feature
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> ez, solved
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> k, if that's fine with everyone and you only added two options, then I'm satisfied
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> if you're talking about chat now, then I've added only 1 new option
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> great üôÇ
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen @Learath2 what do you say about removing the repetition option and the friend option and adding the new one?
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> there is no repetition option I saw when writing chat code
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> there was no repetition option I saw when writing chat code
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> So the only problem now we don't have space for a new toggle in settings?
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but was `cl_friend_messages`, which should be removed if you're not ok with keeping that
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the problem is also,
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pure_luck no, space is not the issue I'm talking about
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> But you discuss it about 2-3 screens already.
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i like the alignment of the new text, but i hate the background, so we need 2 options or force alignment for old text too üòÑ
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 ids are really useful for mods
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen didn't propose removing that one
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> what's a repetition option?
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I thought we had an opton for the [1] counters
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but we don't
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> there is no such option
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so it's just removing the friend option
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> there is an option for hearts for friend's messages
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> if you don't like that you have a lot of options now - remove that one
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pure_luck the discussion is about having an ever-increasing amount of config options
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> should be turned on by default 'cause why you even use friend list without it
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> btw increasing config options is not bad
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pure_luck which is a problem for code maintenance
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> if it's easy to maintain them
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> cl_friend_messages have no problems with maintance
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Mikey.> @heinrich5991 i love an infinite amount of config options that  i can change via the ui and not the console.
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it had a problem with the repetition counter already IIRC. was hard to find a design that works properly with and without @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Mikey. I'll make it for ya, my friend ‚ù§Ô∏è
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @heinrich5991 in web development world we do it in phases
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 1. Merge a PR with new variant and a switch
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 2. Test it and collect stats. This needs an adaptation period as most users are always conservative even if new variant is better.
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 3. Remove switch and remove less favourite variant.
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Mikey. the problem is the development cost, not that it's nice to have them
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> This way we clean-up options at 3rd stage as they're no longer needed.
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > it had a problem with the repetition counter already IIRC. was hard to find a design that works properly with and without @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 because your counter code sucks, not because it's hard to maintain
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Yeah, actually there are features that interact with each other and there are ones that don't. maybe we should differentiate a bit more.
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So you fucked up the alignment of the text if cl_friend_messages
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen but hearts do interact with the rendering of chat messages. you need to think about aligning everything properly with and without
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > in web development world we do it in phases
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Pure_luck already told them to do so
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è 
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > you fucked up
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > your counter code sucks
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> This is certainly not a constructive way to propose changes.
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (yes. please tone down your language @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è)
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Mikey.> > @Mikey. the problem is the development cost, not that it's nice to have them
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Mikey.> @heinrich5991 is there any development cost if he already came with the finished "product"
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Yeah, I'm sorry, that's just the way I'm talking, I have nothing against you and I'm not angry or smth
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Even if your code is better dealing with this type of discussion and arguments might be the reason of rejecting code at all. As accepting this code means accepting this attitude. Can you change it?
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > @deen but hearts do interact with the rendering of chat messages. you need to think about aligning everything properly with and without
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 you always need to make a code such way that it will align any message properly, no matter if you add new text to it or remove something
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> that's why I told before that it's not a problem with options
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it's problem in you
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and your coding <
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Mikey.> generic code ftw
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Just notice that people who are you talking to deserve some respect at least because they've maintained this product for a very log time and invested vast amount of their time.
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Also finding cons in your PR is the way discussion generally work. Even if you see your solution as perfect there could be other concerns that matter most in a long run that needs to be discussed too. Don't expect that major changes will be just accepted very fast and without attempts of finding flaws. Finding flaws in your solution and evaluating it is the way of making codebase better and not attitude to your efforts. just the way thing
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Mikey.> generic code ftw ( i am drunk and i have no ideea what i am saying)
18:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I think @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è got it already, I don't think we need to sidetrack further
18:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> That's not about code flaws we're talking rn
18:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But ok, what we should do now?
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> If we will not talk about it nothing will change
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the message from me was just about the meta discussion
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> There is nothing that we need time for right now. Just discuss it and move on. We don't have any solution and plan for now. Just waiting for something
18:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> You've been working on this part of code for weeks now. You're having it in your brains. Other people  are saw your code less than a day ago (or even haven't yet). I think they just need some time.
18:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I've done it in 2 and a half days
18:26 <+ChillerDragon> @Ryozuki halp I did ``yay -Syu --devel --timeupdate`` and my ddnet client is still 15.1.1 and yells at me that 15.1.2 is out
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Half day was for understanding the source code I'm working with
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @ChillerDragon why don't you just use pacaur -S ddnet-git?
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and you havent even changed what i requested
18:27 <+ChillerDragon> bcs i use yay instead of pacaur
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so your pr isnt ready anyway
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > You've been working on this part of code for weeks now. You're having it in your brains. Other people  are saw your code less than a day ago (or even haven't yet). I think they just need some time.
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Pure_luck As I mentioned before, where do you see any code discussion here?
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 what do you think about removing the hearts config in favor of the new option?
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > Half day was for understanding the source code I'm working with
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> There are really no deadlines on merging. People work on this project when they have time.
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > so your pr isnt ready anyway
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ of course it's not, it will probably require some refactor to meet ddnet source code standards
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Don't expect full-time paid project speed here.
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i gave you a hint on how to deal with it
18:29 <+ChillerDragon> fulltime paid project speed can actually be slower
18:29 <+ChillerDragon> xd
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the problem is, i am the one that needs to clean it up later
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar ‚ú™ it's better if we discuss the high-level stuff before we get to the low-level stuff
18:29 <+ChillerDragon> ddnet is so active o.o
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so if we don't want to have this at all (see #announcements), we should not put effort into getting the code style right
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > fulltime paid project speed can actually be slower
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
18:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Can be slower. But at least you can demand more speed there. Or try to üòÑ
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > the problem is, i am the one that needs to clean it up later
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ and yes, we will wait until you do that, but after we'll see some accept from authorized users
18:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @heinrich5991 yeah u are right, i keep out of this for now üòÑ
18:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> me food now
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So if they say: "Clean up the code, then we can merge it with config option to change for the old style, see, how many ppl use each style and then remove unwanted one later"
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> That would be ok, but there is nothing now
18:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> we have a vote in #announcements anyway
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Ok, nice
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è Oh, and I'm really looking forward to your future improvements. You seem quite productive if you managed to get into our code base so quickly
18:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> That's true. If you're curious I'm planning to finally inplement a color-picker UI component
18:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> That's true. If you're curious I'm planning to finally inplement a color-picker UI component next
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> we have one in the editor btw
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> That's true. If you're curious I'm planning to finally implement a color-picker UI component next
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Where exactly?
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> well, not a proper one, but at least it shows rgb and a preview üòÑ
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> right click on a quad corner
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Oh, yeah, but it's not what I'm looking
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Oh, yeah, but it's not what I'm looking for
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> Why you want to rush so much
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But that will bw helpful
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> instead you want one where you can click inside of it?
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Yeah
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> As well as type rgb /hex
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Or hsv mb
18:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> sounds good to me
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> As well as type rgb and hex
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> also sounds less controversial than changing chat üòÑ
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> hey
18:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> so i have a problem with my client O.o
18:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è fill feature in editor would be really nice. Like in mspaint.
18:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> It doesn't matter for ddrace maps as they're mostly lines and rectangle blocks, but filling hollow structures in a map is a pain now.
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I feel like this all the time wasting about 15 minutes of my time on a map where it could be done for 10 seconds with fill:
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766340882299355137/234451-698x450-spring-coloring-pages-kids.png
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥ What's wrong?
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Ok, why not. But I'm mostly focused on features I want myself and I'm not a mapper unfortunately. And, unfortunately, I want a lot of design changes over there üòè
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So that's only a start of <old-new> war now
18:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> When I go my tea is sometimes very slow and my when i open my scoreboard it flickers
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> get ready for more. I'll split this server on two halves lol
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> When I played yesterday it was all fine
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥ any update inbetween?
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ddnet update, windows update?
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766342079185420358/gif.gif
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> Hmmm no not a ddnet update but some windows updates
18:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥ might have been an intel gpu driver update? Do you use an Intel GPU?
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen hmmm wait i take a look
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> honestly it might be a good idea to make a revamped intuitive way to cut quads
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen i think i did like a communication update or something i cant remeber
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥ f1, gfx_opengl_major 1 and restarting client helps?
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen what is f1, gfx_opengl_major 1 ?
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> In client press F1, write gfx_opengl_major 1 and press enter, restart client
19:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> Ahh okay üëå
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> Nope it didn't work
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Maybe your keys don't register correctly?
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and it flickers because your key isn't pressed down all the way? is the keyboard working fine?
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen gfx_opengl_major 1
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen is that right?
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen yes the keyboard is fine i tried to but some new binds but it didnt work
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is saving a top1 rank play ghost on server is a good idea? Then making any player able to turn top1's ghost on, so he can compete in speedrun or see how to make a part maybe. It may make a speedrun funnier and better? Or it's not, just throwing in an idea.
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> For maps like puzzleboxes disable it in sv_settings
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ravie eeh, how should it behave though. It's setting the UV exactly as you ask it to
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Ok, looks like stupid idea, forget it now xD
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It just doesn't make sense for the top corners U coordinates to be same
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But maybe it's good for solo maps ü§î
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è We do something like that with teehistorian, and have recordings of every gameplay on ddnet servers in the last years. We are missing the teehistorian 2 demo converter
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> (or to ghost)
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> sounds easy enough ü§î
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥ I don't have other ideas then. Maybe try if older DDNet versions work.
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> It makes implementation a lot easier, but what about the general idea?
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è teehistorian just records inputs
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> is it good to show top1 play to everyone
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I'd love that
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yes
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Would really make the servers more competitive. pros will complain that their tricks get out, but so be it
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen I have a video from it maybe it helps u a bit more
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> problems here:
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 1. everyone can see a skip you found
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 2. breaks puzzleboxes (solution: disable it in map settings)
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2937
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @deen I still can't get if C++ deterministic or not
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Welf> > Is saving a top1 rank play ghost on server is a good idea? Then making any player able to turn top1's ghost on, so he can compete in speedrun or see how to make a part maybe. It may make a speedrun funnier and better? Or it's not, just throwing in an idea.
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Welf> > For maps like puzzleboxes disable it in sv_settings
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Welf> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è i think it's cooler if you can't steal speedrun techniques
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> what's going on there, can you just completely reproduce player's vision of his play while having only inputs
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I had an Idea of public top1 ghost for years now, but it always had problems and disagreements in my mind
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yes, that's the idea
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and since we have the skin downloader we could also do something similar with ghost downloader to get the top ranks
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> btw btw btw
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Another **good** idea is to download player's emoticons
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> from database
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2 some combinations work as expected (for example 2 vertically adjacent corners) while other combinations spaz out when you start changing the value and you end up with some mess of coordinates
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> like skins exactly do now
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> who no @louis
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> not everyone needs custom emotes
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> emotes are on same level as gmeskin and particles
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> + not a wide vaariety of good emotes
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> agree with louis, would be too distracting to see to many emoticons, i like the current selection
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> @deen it would be cool to see skins in chat
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ravie I think it's more that you don't understand the concept of UV. If you want to stretch it towards the top you need to mess with the V coordinate
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti #announcements
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> ik
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> if you drag corners themselves it will behave as expected
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Im just saying that even me is not against it
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Which is kinda rare Since im against anything new feature normally
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @louis @deen you right, but then force everyone to use kitties emotes xD
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> :justatest:
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2 I do understand it and yes, linear stretching works but for example slecting all corners bugs out instead of shitfting the whole texture around without distorting it (like it used to)
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2 I do understand it and yes, linear stretching works but for example selecting all corners bugs out instead of shitfting the whole texture around without distorting it (like it used to)
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @Learath2 I do understand it and yes, linear stretching works but for example selecting all corners bugs out instead of shifting the whole texture around without distorting it (like it used to)
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don't get how it could have ever worked, before the last patch the U and V didn't even work
19:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it did work cause I've been using it for a while
19:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> and every time I need to shift around a texture without distorting it or changing the aspect ratio I would select all corners and use U/V to just move the texture around, in the new version it just bugs out
19:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I remember the numbers shown in the fields were acting funky, but in the end everything worked as expected
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I see what you mean
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'll fix it in the next patch
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Actually I don't know how to fix it
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We can't display a number if it's not all the same
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <KriXxPlay> Can someone tell me what's the difference between these?
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <KriXxPlay> ```c
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <KriXxPlay> m_aClients[id];
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <KriXxPlay> m_Snap.m_aCharacters[id];
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <KriXxPlay> ```
19:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it would be nice if someone could code a better way to cut quads, most people don't understand how it works because it's such a crap system
19:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it would make much more sense to drag a selection over the area that you want to crop a quad to
19:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> while maintaining the aspect ratio of whatever was in that area
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Ravie why not cut the png into parts?
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> you need to have a separate .png and layer inside the editor for each part then
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> and there are other reasons to crop quads
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> yes quad chopping sucks i just make a separate png even when chppping is a better option just because idk how to chop
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> chop chop
19:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it's very useful to keep related objects or frames of an animation in the same image and layer
19:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> so far I've been using a workaround to get this result but it's kinda fucky and a lot of extra work
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > Can someone tell me what's the difference between these?
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > ```c
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > m_aClients[id];
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > m_Snap.m_aCharacters[id];
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > ``` 
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @KriXxPlay `m_aClients` is an array of players iirc, players keep existing if you die, `m_Snap.m_aCharacters` is an array of characters that the snapshot has, note: a player has a character if he is alive, when he dies the character gets deleted, also one thing is the character in the snapshot and the other is the one owned by m_aClients[i]
19:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well this is from my head
19:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> actually m_aClients maye be smth else
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> github search rly sucks
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> m_aClients is for CClientData
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/28250897d3017fae1a1c5c10bd966064e3b1d8c0/src/game/client/gameclient.h#L240
19:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen i have a video from it
19:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen maybe it can help u a bit?
20:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> How can I fetch and pull master branch from ddnet source and start working on other updates when leaving chat branch untouched, if the chat was pull requested from master branch of forked repo?
20:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> May I close pull request, make a new local branch and pull request from it?
20:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Should have done that before...
20:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è the local and remote branches don't have to correspond. in the git command line interface you can say `git push origin localbranchname:remotebranchname` to push in arbitrary mappings
20:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I can make a new branch in my repo and it will not touch the master with chat until I merge it
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But then I can't pull anything from real ddnet repo
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Since it will be pulled to master
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you can do `git fetch upstream` `git merge upstream/master`
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 and yes, I need a remote branch, not local, so I can push in it ans it will save my changes in cloud
20:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> pull is an "automated" combo of fetch and merge
20:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> is an 'upstream' name for the new branch as an example here?
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, upstream is an example name for the remote
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> can you give me the output of your `git remote -v`?
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> or tell me what git command you usually use for pulling
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is it just `git pull`?
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> or `git pull https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet`?
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Is that it, I'm noob, you know
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766367754529538128/unknown.png
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I'm using fork program for windows
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do `git remote add upstream https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet`
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> sry, I don't know how to deal with that program :/
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> so I can click bUttons bUttons, not typing cmds in console
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> added
20:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then you can do `git fetch upstream`
20:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> done
20:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> have you already started working on your new feature or do you want to create a new branch for that now?
20:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 2nd
20:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `git checkout -b <newbranchname> upstream/master`
20:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this creates a new branch named `<newbranchname>` based on the current state of `upstream/master`
20:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I see
20:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Can I somehow fix the fact I fucked up by making commits to master?
20:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> instead of staging
20:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> do you want to fix it on github's side or just in your local repository
20:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> for github, you'd either need to wait until the PR is accepted or close this one and create a new one
20:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Idk, but Im probably doing something wrong
20:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> <a:catJAM:739692191491817565>
20:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766369668965335070/unknown.png
20:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it's total mess now
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and I can't use my chat update when making new features in color-picker branch
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah, do you want to use that?
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we can also base your new PR on your old PR
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> ofc, it's perfect
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> ofc I want, it's perfect
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you haven't done any changes yet?
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I guess not
20:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then you can do `git reset --hard origin/master` in the command line
20:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this resets all the work that was done without committing, and puts you at the state of your `origin/master`
20:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> this is the state of your chat update branch
20:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> yes, I see
20:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So I should create new branch now
20:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> and pull-request from it probably
20:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> help me help me :3
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @deen can I make `+fire_dummy` command to avoid that stupid bug with switching weapons on dummy since the dummy firing is already used a lot as `+toggle cl_dummy_hammer 0 1`?
21:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Also It will allow dummy to fire you with weapons when holding hook on tiles without releasing it
21:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> (also already used as mentioned bwfore bing + hook hold in needed direction)
21:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Just making a hacks less buggy and easy to use
21:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> (also already used as mentioned before bind + hook hold in needed direction)
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> i today making map on 60hz monitor and watching tv-series on 144hz .
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> teeworlds didn't crashed no single time !
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> Could be reason with 144hz problem ?
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> i today making map on 60hz monitor and watching tv-series on 144hz .
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> teeworlds didn't crashed no single time !
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <texnonik> Could it be reason with 144hz problem ?
21:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Im using the same setup and have no bugs at all
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @texnonik can you use a debugger to catch the crash?
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> We got overall idea. Some people don't like chat update, but around 2 times more people likes it. What shall we do now? xD
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> ||fix bugs and release it with fallback to old style config||
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, sounds good
23:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> a type of "envelope" in the editor where u could animate camera movement while rendering would be amaznig
23:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> amazing*
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YouŒõreMyHo—î¬≥> @deen i found out that it is the same with other games
