09:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh
09:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> nice
09:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> got annoyed by all the copy paste at some point ğŸ˜„
09:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ™‚
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> the bg animation isn't smooth when you switch the tabs Settings -> DDNet
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> and please why this terrible sun with wrong sunrays
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> smooth like the camera?
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> or the actual animation
12:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @Lady Saavik we are happy to take better maps, the current ones are from vanilla
12:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> oh it's so random
12:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> if u have laggs loading the settings, it might be of loading something from ur harddrive
12:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> if u have laggs loading the settings, it might be bcs of loading something from ur harddrive
12:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> it's annoying that the sun sometimes moves so far and sometimes not
12:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the clouds resetting is the most annoying thing
12:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> as said the maps arent really good, except maybe jungle night
12:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> winter is ok, rest is not really nice
12:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> winter night is ok, rest is not really nice
12:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> idk, the bug is gone .-.
12:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> omg it's back
12:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I know
12:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> now
12:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> are you using 15.1 btw?
12:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> or master
12:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I was in wrong tab in settings
12:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765525671619198996/unknown.png
12:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> ok
12:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> I can record it
12:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> its not like i dont believe it ğŸ˜„
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but go ahead
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> idk if you understand me
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> ok
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ‘€
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> Tee and Controls have almost the same position in the background xd
12:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
12:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> same with General and Player
12:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765526453092745226/2020-10-13_12-48-04.mp4
12:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> not smooth
12:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah
12:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> ah
12:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> true
12:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> same
12:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> probably bcs the distance is too short
12:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> but it works the other way xd
12:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Lady Saavik> when I click on "Run server" and close the black window, why does it still say "Stop server"
12:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <<BÂµmM>> Internet and Sound have the same position
12:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the client doesnt track the server process probably
12:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> u can probably also close the client and it wont stop the server
12:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> setting for example cl_rotation_radius 15
12:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> fixes it, so its very probably the distance
14:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ please don't make a huge PR with everything. Split features into smaller PR's.
14:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> That has benefits: you get feedback early and will make less work on refactoring; others will get features sooner; subtasks will not stall the development; you will get better motivation seeing something is finished already; ~~we don't risk you quit development at all not making a single PR cause it's "unfinished"~~
14:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> In my point of view chat messages are technically related but are functionally separate from scores.
14:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> In my point of view although chat/ messages are technically related but are functionally separate from scores.
14:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> k, I'll try to make some margin, fix bugs and clear some useless code I made on failed attempts and make a PR
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I was afraid making any pull requests mainly because I don't think it's ok to build release version of client with unfinished feature, which not everyone would like on that stage
14:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Maybe I should add client config variable for that to be enabled
14:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Also half of the padding is hardcoded now, 'cause I had no idea how to calculate it properlt
14:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Also half of the padding is hardcoded now, 'cause I had no idea how to calculate it properly
14:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> There is such thing as WIP-PR or drafts. A way to get a feedback from reviewers before the feature gets to the stage. Though chances are if your feature is only lacks some visual polishing only it still could be merged.
14:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Sadly I don't know anything about client. But I am sure others ddnet devs will suggest better solutions when reviewing your PR. Also you can direct them to lines in code commenting it in PR by yourself and asking questions there.
14:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765551312297132072/draft-pull-requests.png
14:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/
14:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Before draft pr's were introduced a title containing "WIP" keyword was indicating that this PR is not yet complete but you need a review to get a fresh look or suggestions.
14:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> :s/but/but still
14:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> (I hate this SED edit syntax enforced in this channel)
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª what is broken about data allocation? It didn't look like it required anything specific to me, that's why I didn't touch it
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah i dunno yet either, but OGL 3.3 doesnt work in entities anymore @Learath2
17:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª You sure it's alloc? entities works completely fine for me on macOS with 3.3
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i bisect and its 100% this commit
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but im not 100% sure what is causing it
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'll try linux
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well I'll be, for once something works on macOS doesn't on linux
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> xD
17:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `failed to allocate data for command buffer`
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> y<eah
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i think i found the issue
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the current commands rely on the buffer size too much
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i'll write the patch if thats ok for u
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> so its not ur impl
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> (except that it always adds the alignment)
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> which increases the buffer size always
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah, I came to the same conclusion, it genuinely doesn't seem to fit
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'll fix the wasted bytes
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh, I wonder if that would be enough actually ğŸ˜„
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah thats the question ğŸ˜„
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yep, it's enough
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> But still, is it expected that space is so tight in the data buffer?
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> no, but it will use the full buffer if the alloc fails once
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it just clears it and uses full space
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> That was apparently wasting so many bytes that even the full space wasn't enough
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes, its always 16 bytes too much ğŸ˜„
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> so it can never allocate the space it wants
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh I forgot to ask, what should the alignment for data be?
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well, actually doesnt matter probably, alignof(ptr) should be fine for almost all architectures
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> dunno if floats have higher alignments somewhere
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> maybe maximum of floats and ptrs xd
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but that would be the same issue for commands
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> AllocData is just byte storage, right?
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> they sometimes contain floats too ğŸ˜„
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes, but it should still be aligned correctly
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> arm cant read floats that are missaligned
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> (so too driver dependend) to make it byte aligned
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> (iirc new arm can do unaligned read/write, it's quite costly though)
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well for floats it crashes
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i had a bug in arm android some day
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i am speaking about arm32 btw
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I guess I'll keep max_align_t for data, just to be safe
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 64 is fine ğŸ˜„
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ah, arm32 yeah
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah just keep it, should be safe
17:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Should I close the issue by fixing the waste or do you want to do something about it too?
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah just do it by waste
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i dont see anything that could break else
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @Jupstar âœª look what i found on youtube, (probably version 14.6.2) xddd
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765600863434571776/unknown.png
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> what video is that
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrhHp5lLobU>
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im lurking youtube
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the guy plays the game
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> like its normal
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xdd
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> WTF XD
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> XD
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> funny how the skins are broken not the map
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the map is broken
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> look at epix start
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> thats like the opposite of what we have else
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thats not normal
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765601487131770930/unknown.png
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i mean kobra
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> start
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this is bugged
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well anyway with the new verion he'd be in the fallback
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> He must think we are all on LSD all the time
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeah
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but why are the skins broken xD i dont get it
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> man ppl in 2020 still upload videos to youtube in 480p
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hilarious
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 4:3 with some 15 years old GPU uploads in 480p
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> some ppl just live in the past xD
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @Jupstar âœª yep, look at #showroom
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i found a funny chilean
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well u probs dont understand him
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> ryo lives in a bubble
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765601998556233758/unknown.png
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xdddd
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don't get it how could valgrind say there is no leak and ASan say there is a leak?
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i still dont get why valgrind didnt see the invalid index, what ubsan found
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe valgrind is not perfect
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> IT IS
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :justatest:
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> anyway
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> WHO BROKE BORSA
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> WHO BROKE BORS
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> isnt ubsan static analysis and valgrind runtime?
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> both are runtime
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> ubsan is runtime too
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> UBSan and ASan are instrumented directly into the program. Valgrind instruments the program by monkey patching it
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> is ubsan and asan faster?
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yes
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> valgrind rly makes the game slow af
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> With ASan the game is actually quite playable
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it runs pretty smooth ğŸ˜„
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> `> 1k fps`
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yes we know u have a super vega gpu
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> its not gpu side xD
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what cpu u got
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 3800x
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thats pretty good
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> isnt it
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder if something like ASan exists for GPUs
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> 342â‚¬
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yes
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> instrumenting the shaders ğŸ˜„
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah but like 30% faster than some 5 years old intel
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> so not the world xd
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> will u buy the new amd ryzen 9
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well ASan wouldn't be much use in a shader, but something like ubsan might
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :poggers:
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i only buy hardware all 4 years normally, when i sell my old to my one of my sister xD
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeah same
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i need to change gpu soon tho
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> my r9 390 is getting old
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wish the new generation had some backwards compatibility with DDR3 ğŸ˜¦
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u still in ddr3
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :lol:
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I want to upgrade but it'll cost a fortune to replace 32g of ram with ddr4
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> do u rly need 32
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im fine with 16
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I do yeah. I use chromium boy
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 1 tab in chrome = 1gb
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> why u use chromium
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> so yes 32 gb
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> firefox uses 2gb
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The remote debugging
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I use firefox for my own browsing
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i even use both at same time
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont have ram problems
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i know was just jk
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> bcs browsers
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> But that's not what kills my ram, it's unreal engine and maya
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> android studio eats lot of ram too
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :nouis:
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> all java stuff eats ur ram
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> both open at the same time gets the computer swapping every 10 seconds
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Java is really so irresponsible with the memory given to it
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Not only that, it keeps all the pages hot, all the time with it's GC
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ur hot
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ˜
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :lol:
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Okay, I don't get it, do you see how `src/engine/client/serverbrowser.cpp:502:32` could ever leak?
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> is it one of those I fixed?
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> bors is dying
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Not in #3076 atleast
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3076
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> then where did you see it leak?
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> master, ASan
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ok, haven't looked into it then
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It doesn't make sense though, there is the free right there :/
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> maybe a buggy libc?
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'd have many more things broken if I had a broken libc, no? ğŸ˜›
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> where is the free?
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> m_ppServerlist is freed, not ppNewlist
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> L505
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> or is the leak at destruction?
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> its never freed when closing
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh, maybe it's reporting it leaking when shutting down
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, I guess a free(m_ppServerlist) at the end would help
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> seems easy enough to fix in the destructor
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Heh, yep. I didn't consider it leaking at the end
18:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> there is alot leaking, we could also clean the opengl context before closing
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but so much static stuff that allocates textures, would require alot of work
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well these were the only two reported by ASan, so I fixed them
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> oh ok
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Github Actions is also throwing a hissy fit, I wonder what's going on
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I have a feeling it's microsoft still not understanding how one should update their apt repositories
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> mhh, someone once said here the server browser feels to laggy with OGL 3.3, WHO was it
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> cant find him in discord search
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `index 32767 out of bounds for type 'short [64]'` this looks odd
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> we have a huge problem with snapshots
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> #3049
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3049
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but the discussion about it moved into some pr
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> #3051
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3051
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ?
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > I removed the shift commits.
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> "yes, my claim is, that appearently the same snapshot has different values between linux and windows
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> So its probs caused by some of the other snapshot code"
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> to quote myself
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it wasnt about the shift
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i assumed it bcs linux returned -1, but i wasnt in windows anymore at that poiunt
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Only heinrich knows how this stuff works really well and when the world needed him most, he vanished ğŸ˜›
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 100 years past and Learath and me found a new heinrich
18:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 100 years passed and Learath and me found a new heinrich
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Okay, from my crude understanding of the snapshot extended objects, I think that type has to be translated first
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> maybe heinrich already thought about it, he also removed crc code
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @deen have u seen #3077
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it litterally doubkes my fps with ogl.. just bcs of the text
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3077
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> nice
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I noticed that in menus everything is super slow
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I have another question, why is the client even creating a snapshot??
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah maybe demo recording
18:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I'M generally in favor of it @Jupstar âœª
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> good bcs u can still use the old implementation
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i'll just implement the stuff i need whenever i feel there is something too slow
18:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the rest can stay streamed
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah, I get what's wrong, the extended types have dynamic size, the itemsizes table shouldn't even be checked
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i mean create a pr, and ask heinrich for a review
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I will in a minute
18:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> a fix until the next version would be nice
18:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen where do you think would be a good place to add a COUNT_OF macro? we use it in a couple places and we just have ad-hoc implementations
18:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I was thinking system.h but there I can't use the more thorough C++ version of the macro
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> what's a count_of?
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It's the macro that everyone uses to get the number of "things" in an array
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> sizeof(arr)/sizeof(arr[0])
18:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ah, right
18:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> for all I care make system.c -> system.cpp, I had a PR for that ğŸ˜‰
18:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> then put it in system.h
18:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> otherwise src/base/count.h? I don't really see a fiting place
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'll put the unsafe C version in system.h and we'll all be careful not to pass it anything except arrays ğŸ˜›
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes lets pls make it cpp
18:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen why did you close that PR anyway?
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> then we can use std::chrono and remove some strange code from windows ğŸ˜„
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If only C++17 wasn't too new, we could replace a lot of the fs_ functions too
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i also made a local pr where is changed everything
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Maybe I misremember and didn't have it. Foudn only https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1444
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> https://github.com/Jupeyy/ddnet/tree/pr_cpp_not_c
18:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i made it a few weeks ago
18:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> you can remove all the (void) in function signatures in cpp
18:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah but too lazy xd
18:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> let's ask @heinrich5991 what he thinks, I'd be fine
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> `sed -i 's/(void)$// src/base/**/*.{cpp,h}`
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> `sed -i 's/(void)$//' src/base/**/*.{cpp,h}`
18:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> will do if we ok with removing c ğŸ˜„
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> btw @deen 
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> #2157
18:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2157
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Probably because of Vanilla compat
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> who cares xD
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but now with our reformatting etc, I guess matters less and less
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> so let's just do it
18:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> we can still copy their functions
18:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i only know that deen tried to fix it and couldnt join the server anymore xD
18:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but if u can its fine xD
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Hm, I wonder if we are talking about the same bug
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> ```../src/engine/shared/snapshot.cpp:264:9: runtime error: index 32765 out of bounds for type 'short [64]'
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> SUMMARY: UndefinedBehaviorSanitizer: undefined-behavior ../src/engine/shared/snapshot.cpp:264:9 in```
18:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> its the code in createdelata and unpackdelta
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> This one turned out to be in the demo recorder, fixing it like this didn't break anything(tm)
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> #3050
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> here are the reports
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3050
18:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> UnpackDelta looks fine to me, at the very least doesn't suffer from the same bug
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah cant find unpack delta, so just create ğŸ˜„
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but 2 times
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> `src/engine/shared/snapshot.cpp:139:21: runtime error: signed integer overflow: 0 - -2147483648 cannot be represented in type 'int'
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª>     #0 0xede8fb in CSnapshotDelta::DiffItem(int*, int*, int*, int) src/engine/shared/snapshot.cpp:139
18:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª>    `
18:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I couldn't get that, how did you trigger it?
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it was deen
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> or was it me
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> oh yeah
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it was me xD
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @Learath2 i dunno, i just played some ddrace and fng
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> what's the benefit of allowing C++ in system.c? @deen
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 you can use the fancy macro in `#ifdef __cplusplus__`
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> whats the benefit of using c code xdd
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> less difference to tw
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> cpp allows std::chrono std::thread
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Stability or system.c
18:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> s\/or/of/
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> the problem with the overflow for `m_aItemSizes` is due to the protocol extension
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh, that sounds like my fault
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> what is it?
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> it's fixed in 0.7
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> the whole thing relies on some random memory being 0 ğŸ˜„
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> have a link to the PR?
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> very nice. sorry for that code ğŸ˜„
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> nobody noticed for years ^^
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> damn my vim is stubborn and doesnt want to insert tabs instead of spaces in the python files we have in datasrc
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki use vim-sleuth addon
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/tpope/vim-sleuth/
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ohh
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thanks
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> works perfect
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I actually never had to care about indentation again with this vim addon ğŸ˜„
18:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the only problem is that you have to install it
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @redix seems to be the exact same thing I did ğŸ˜›
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> oops ğŸ˜„ didn't notice
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> redix with another fix to 0.7 without even telling us, traitor :angerycat:
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> i'm so sorry ğŸ˜„
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> xDDDDDDDDDD
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :nouis:
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> anything else we want to know? XD
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> vulkan support for vanilla?
19:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> there are so many things that are fixed in either 0.7 or ddnet ^^
19:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah its funny xD
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Vulkan would probably get us even less compatible with older machines
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I was supposed to have tea like 3 hours ago, then I forgot, now it's too late for tea ğŸ˜¦
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> never too late for tea
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well lets say it like this opengl 2.0 is from 2004
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> and still like 1% cannot use it xD
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I drink tea for breakfast, lunch and dinner
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> in germany we drink Tees
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 I could drink tea with my dinner but I was more looking forward to having a cookie, cookie for dinner is no no
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> webgpu would be cool as a backend once it's final :D
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <redix> metal for macos + vulkan for the rest
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeah
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its a rly nice project
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but calling it webgpu imho is rly bad
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder why they didn't do Vulkan on macOS too
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> xDDD
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> u really  wonder about it
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I read vulkan came too late
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> webgpu api is rly like vulkan btw
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> or atleast from my little experience using it
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i made a triangle
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Metal is low level enough that translation from vulkan to metal is pretty cheap
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u get a instance, a adapter a device a queue
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> etc
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> MoltenVK is already pretty mature
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> wgsl is the future too
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/wgsl.html
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> spir-v ftw
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I guess if they don't mind spending the development effort on maintaining a separate metal backend, who am I to judge
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i dont like the syntax
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> c syntax nice
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> When are we getting a standard shading language?
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @Jupstar âœª u can use glsl
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and compile it to spir-v
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> then its fine ğŸ˜„
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 I'd include the vanilla fix instead of yours, is that ok?
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :justatest:
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar âœª I see more out of date intel gpu drivers causing troubles, maybe adopt the blacklist? ^^
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 It's the same fix, but sure, go ahead
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @heinrich5991 well idc, but what would that help, telling them to upgrade? moving them down to gl 1.x?
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> telling them to upgrade
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> what you'd manually say to them
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well the guy in #general didnt, bcs too much work for him xD
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I guess it defines an extra enum to avoid arr/arr[0]
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> but as said, i'd be ok with it @heinrich5991
19:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> still better than nothing
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª could give them a small warning and fall back to gl1
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the problem is, they will never go back to higher gl versions then
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Who cares? Not like their toaster will ever get a driver update
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> nono
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> its new intel gpus
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> funny enough my 10years old laptop works fine
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> while louis with a 2017 gpu has problems
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder how Unreal and Unity solve the issues
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> directx
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> very simple
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> these problems are mostly on windows
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> mac always the problem
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765623705656229918/unknown.png
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ğŸ‘º
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> compile in clang @Ryozuki
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> UE4 is coming out with Vulkan as the backend, I wonder how they'll handle it there ğŸ˜›
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well maybe just drop support for older gpus?
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> compile what in clang
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `hdiutil: create failed - Resource busy`
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> most tripple A titles have pretty high miniums
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hmmm
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @Ryozuki ok nvm if its just a bug ğŸ˜„
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> thought some clang warning xD
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hdiutil thing happens every once in a while
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> just re-run the job
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is that a known bug of hdiutil so we should just retry in the script?
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> or are we holding hdiutil wrong?
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I have no idea whether it's a known bug
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://stackoverflow.com/a/18738960
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> wtf
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> HAHAHAHA classic apple
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Of course creating an archive on the commandline would require a trash folder
19:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm. can you check whether such a trash folder is actually created?
19:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if you have a mac handy
19:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (just to check the plausibility and whether I should really implement that solutionâ€¦)
19:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It would be the first time you open the folder in finder, let me check
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> eh, I mean by the hdiutil
19:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> i.e. can you run a build (like on CI) and check whether the generated archive contains a trash folder
19:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Sure
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 u mean server sending msg ids and the client displaying them?
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> how would u work around dynamic conent
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> content
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it'd need our own printf parser
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Or we could do it in a very insecure way ğŸ˜›
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh cmon, it'd be fun
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> rce is a feature, not a bug
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> user freedom!
19:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Server sending a %n to do arbitrary writes
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `Error copying file "/Users/learath2/Desktop/C/ddnet/ddnet-libs/ffmpeg/mac/lib64/libavcodec.58.dylib" to "pack_DDNet-15.1.2-osx_dmg/DDNet.app/Contents/Frameworks/".`
19:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> uhm, idk how this is supposed to work
19:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Why is it even looking there? we don't ship that
19:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess you have an up-to-date submodule?
19:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Even if I disable -DVIDEORECORDER it's looking for it
19:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah, up-to-date
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> idk tbh @Learath2
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh, btw how are we supposed to deal with unsupported clients? The version number is an ugly fix
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> can oyu comment that out?
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'd send the untranslated string as well
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that'd be some network traffic though
19:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen I think you forgot to commit the mac build for ffmpeg to ddnet-libs
19:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 and it would require very ugly string matching to remove the untranslated string
19:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm? no
19:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I was thinking:
19:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> especially since there is nowhere to hide a mark in a chat message
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe add a hidden unicode characte
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> at the start
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and use it to hide on modern clients
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> superh acky hack
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :nouis:
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> a new message type `TRANSLATED_SERVER_MESSAGE`, with an ID (UUID), untranslated message (string), format parameters (various, string, int)
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but the problem here is old clients
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> they dont know about this packet
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> they only want chat messages
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, distinguish them by version
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> then why we need to send the untrasnlated messages o nnew clients?
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The new message type is simple
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont find the reason
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah by version
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> because they might not support all the strings we need
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> damn i type like a retard
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> missing keys
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah thats true
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it can fallback to the english
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we dont have a english
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its directly in the src
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, that's the untranslated string ğŸ˜‰
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well then im fine with that
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> btw add any final decicion to the issue
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this will be lost
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> here
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, true
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> thanks for the reminder
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> So we check the version, if it's too old we send preformatted english string. If new enough to know this string, send unformatted message with parameters
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and english
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, if new enough to know the `TRANSLATED_SERVER_MESSAGE` message
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then we send it
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah, you want to send the entire string
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then the client can decide whetheri t knows *this particular* message
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> in case its not translated
19:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we need a fallback
19:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> meh, atleast it's not more traffic
19:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> well, my solution *is* more traffic?!
19:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yes its more
19:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but i dont think it matters
19:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the UUID + the formatting parameters
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> why a UUID?
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and not a simple id
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It's sliightly more traffic
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki because people are going to add their own messages and we don't want to conflict
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> e.g. noby adds a message for fng
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Why bother with an id at all actually?
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> you are thinking outside ddnet too
19:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> good i forgot
19:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 because the untranslated string might change without the translations needing change
19:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We can send the untranslated string unformatted
19:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (was my thought)
19:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i prefer a uuid
19:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this get stuff translation is rly funny
19:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> cuz there are repeated translations
19:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> atleast i found that when translating
19:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> How can I know what causes permanent freeze on my build?
19:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I sort of dislike having redundant information, but I guess I can't come up with a better solution
19:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> if u cant then its not that redudant i guess
19:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> well it is redundant in the sense that we control client and server
19:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ run it in a debugger, when it freezes, send SIGTERM, the debugger will tell you where it stopped. Repeat a couple times to see whereabouts the client is looping
19:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but not redundant if we don't assume that
19:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It's redundant because we actually know on the server whether a client knows a string or not via the version number
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 why did u decide not to add "Map: " on the steam status?
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765631709600415804/unknown.png
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but I thinkn that's kind a ugly
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i find it really funny tho
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki redundant, people will learn I display the map
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> wasted screen space otherwise
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (my thinking)
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> btw there may be ppl who dont play the game
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and can see ur status
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> nice ğŸ˜‰
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'm In Da House
19:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
19:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> btw remember to add info to the issue in github
19:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
19:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we will rly forget
19:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 hm, well I'm sure we could come up with some scripts to make it pretty, generate a `ClientKnowsString(const CUuid &Uuid, const int Version)`
19:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> but your solution is trivial really
19:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what about allowing auto too when u have a cast
19:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> auto x = (sometype)a;
19:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Can I take someones time to answer my question about rendering optimization
19:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i should probs write it in the issue
19:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> So, there are "text containers" where text is being drawn and then, if nothing new is happening, game just draws entire container at once
19:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Skipping drawing characters for text
19:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Skipping drawing characters for text individually
19:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I want to draw not only text, but also background for it, RenderTee, maybe some quads and text as well
19:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> In a container ofc, so it doesn't need to be redrawn every time
19:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Do you have that kind of buffering already implemented
19:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `CQuadContainer`Â is the generic version, the text container is also implemented on top of it
19:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Or should I make my own containers for that
19:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I'll explain. I want to draw xhat messages with some extra graphics, margin, background and so on
19:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I'll explain. I want to draw chat messages with some extra graphics, margin, background and so on
19:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> So the best way to do it is just render the message when it was received from server and store it somewhere
19:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I'm just not sure how to do it and if you have any logic for that already
19:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª would know best, but the best way would probably be to render it on the first `OnRender` rendering when you receive it is a meh idea
19:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Doesn't matter. The idea is to render only once and then buffer
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Currently chat messages are rendered onto text containers if they haven't been rendered yet. You can probably replace the text container with a quad container
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I need some help with "buffer" part
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it builds VRAM on the GPU
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> What is quad container
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> just like u build HEAP on RAM
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> dont think of GPUs to different from CPUs
19:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> isnt text already optimized?
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> GPUs are CPUs with more cores xD
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I'm remaking and redesigning it @Ryozuki
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> he wants to add a ui rect behind it
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> `CreateRoundRectQuadContainer`
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> and probably a tee image to the left of it from what I gather
19:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i already added a function for that
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah u want to display a tee
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I've already done all that
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> will u add the tee on the chat?
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its already bloated
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Just need to know the best way to buffer it once and not redraw every frame
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> heart + id + repeated counter
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and now a tee
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
20:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> you want to have framebuffers?
20:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> sounds like u want to render to a texture
20:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> we dont have this and if we would have it, only for gl 3.3+
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> if u add that, use it on video recording too
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> u said smth like that time ago
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/342454474117218334/765546153898803250/unknown.png
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i know, but no motivation for that feature xD
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> OBS is too good xD
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª couldn't you render a tee into a quad container? Not that it'd help much
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/342454474117218334/765546930645893170/unknown.png
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeah
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> obs best
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> that's an example of what I have right now
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @Learath2 well u can draw a tee with quad containers, i already do it, but not all tee parts at once
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> did u test with chinese
20:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and stuff
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it be still good enough tho
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Imagine second screen as one message container. I want to draw it, store and then redraw whole container for optimization purposes
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> aslong as the VRAM is built, its pretty fast
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the tee there looks so out of place
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xD
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> yes, because margin in source code sucks
20:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Jupstar âœª why can't you do the entire tee?
20:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> that was already hard enough to margin text like that
20:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @Learath2 bcs multi texture support is cancer, when the drivers are buggy xd
20:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ don't bother, all of those functions you use buffer wherever they can anyway
20:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah, I keep forgetting the shitty drivers
20:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765636278363881472/unknown.png
20:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> this happens every `OnRender`
20:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I can leave it like that if you'll say that's ok
20:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Completely fine, we render rectangles everywhere
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> what if I'll move `DrawRoundRect` in a loop?
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765636531724877854/unknown.png
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> now github is dead xD
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> $build_status
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> ğŸŸ¢
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> omg
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whtie theme
20:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :frozen:
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://github.com/StylishThemes/GitHub-Dark
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah is there black theme?
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> use the stylus plugin
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> with this
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> is that a browser plugin?=
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ye
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ fine, doesn't really matter how much you render
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> <.< i hate browser plugins for single websites
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765636900488085514/unknown.png
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its not for
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> single websites
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> look nice ğŸ˜„
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its a plugin for styles
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and u install a style for github
20:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
20:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it even styles code
20:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well im using monokai
20:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765637034227531786/unknown.png
20:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> After recompiling 10 times, there is no .Trash folder @heinrich5991
20:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 thanks for trying. should I try anyway? ^^
20:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah maybe mac can't see the trash folder
20:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> mind sending the dmg?
20:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> my client crashes when I'm trying to send really long message (just spamming letters, preferably without spaces)
20:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I mean it freezes permanently
20:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> But that **does not happen** on release
20:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> debug only
20:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> mhh sounds bad, does that also happen with current ddnet source?
20:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> idk, Im here
20:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765645449671082084/unknown.png
20:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> ok, if you want, create an issue with the text u typed
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Ok, now
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> 1. How do I build game executable
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> 2. How do I create a pull request for you to review and test
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> 2. How do I create a pull request for you to review and test (I mean it's clearly not ready to be added in public version)
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> puhh, just google git tutorial ğŸ˜„
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Do you have some privacy setting in your repository so I can't break it if I try to push or smth?
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> u cannot push to ddnet github directly
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I can't break it ofc, but would not be cool if I make something u dont want to
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> ok nice
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> you can fork it and push to your forked repository
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> then I'll click on push button
20:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> xD
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> @Jupstar âœª what about building?
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> what os are u on?
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> win
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> visual studio?
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> yes 2019
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> just change to release mode
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> and build it
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> then the executable is accessable in the directory somewhere
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I did
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> /build/Release or smth
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Yes, the question is mainly about that "somewhere" word
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Yes, the question is mainly about that "somewhere" thing
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> where is your ddnet.sln?
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> there should be the Release directory
20:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> there is only DDNet.exe
20:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> whats what u want isnt it?
20:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I mean the whole game folder. Do I need just replace DDNet.exe in the game directory so it applies all the changes?
20:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes, that should do the job
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> ok then, cool
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> will try
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Yeah, 4real
20:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Any advanced git user here?)
21:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thats a bad question
21:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://dontasktoask.com/
21:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> read this website thanks
21:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I've cloned ddnet git repository, build it with CMAKE (I have no idea what it did, really) as written on repository page, made somw changes and committed it
21:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I've cloned ddnet git repository, build it with CMAKE (I have no idea what it did, really) as written on repository page, made some changes and committed it
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> And now I want to make a pull request on that, which I can't, because I didn't fork the repository before
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> So what can I do now
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> > thats a bad question
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> @Ryozuki yes, I know, I was typing in the good one at the time
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> > thats a bad question
21:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> @Ryozuki yes, I know, I was typing in the good one at the time, sorry
21:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> > thats a bad question
21:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> @Ryozuki yes, I know, I was typing in the good one at the time, sorry. I'm just chatting that way, that I split one topic on several messages, so the first question mentions on who can help and then goes the problem explaination
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ ok, let's walk through this
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you cloned the repo and made some changes
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Yes. Then locally commit it
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm, now I don't know msvc's git interface
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> let me google a bit
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> After that I realized that I need to fork ddnet repo and clone it instead
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, should still be fine
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but do fork the repo on github please
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I did now
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> nice
21:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> let's google changing the upstream, sec
21:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I use "Fork" program on windows, if it helps you somehow
21:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> in msvc?
21:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://git-fork.com/
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ what does the "repository" menu say?
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> can you do something like "add remote" there?
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765659112309784606/unknown.png
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm, show me the push dialog please
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765659247991062588/unknown.png
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hmhm
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ sorry, distracted. what does the To menu show?
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> its faster to clone my fork repo and replace all changed files I guess
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ğŸ˜¦ okay if you want to do that ^^
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (btw, there are also free git clients for windows, I think github has one, for example)
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> (or use the command line client and you can refer to the hundreds of online tutorials and documentation)
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Or may be it's not
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I can use command line, if you have any solution
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> On the git commandline, it would be just `git remote add <name for repo> <url for repo>`
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> git remote add mine https://github.com/yournamehere/ddnet
21:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Learath2 why do you think so?
22:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh, it is there and my ddnet-libs is up to date
22:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wonder why it won't download for me
22:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I'm getting stuck somewhere here
22:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765666824582856774/unknown.png
22:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Happens randomly, but with high chance when pressing tab (so chat should change width/height)
22:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> For visual changes you should try to include a screenshot
22:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> yeah, sry, forgot about that
22:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> can I edit?
22:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> yep
22:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> done
22:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> As I mentioned before there is a critical bug that freezes your client completely. *seems like infinite loop?* 
22:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> See screenshot above
22:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> since ur changes or on ddnet master? xd
22:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> I have no idea what causes it and need some help
22:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but you've only had the infinite loop happen with your changes?
22:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so far
22:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Some simple visual bugs occure with my chat's background sometimes (when message got cut instantly without being blended) and there are two problems with text margin if message is 4 lines long or if pressing tab, but it's not a big deal
22:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Some simple visual bugs occure with my chat's background sometimes (when message got cut instantly without being blended) and there are two problems with text margin if message is 4 lines long or when holding tab, but it's not a big deal
22:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Some simple visual bugs occure with my chat's background sometimes (when message got cut instantly without being blended) and there are two problems with text margin if message is 4 lines long or when holding tab, but it's not a big deal, I'll fix it
22:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> @Jupstar âœª I guess I should choose "staging" branch next time?
22:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ğ”ÑĞ´Ñ Ğ–ĞµĞ½Ñ> Told ya I suck hard in git
22:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well for the first pr, its acceptable ğŸ˜„
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i cant rerun the jobs in
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> #3092
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i dunno why its so broken, the other pr is much newer and had no problems
22:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3092
22:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar âœª I reran the jobs
22:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> ok lets hope they dont cancel again ğŸ˜„
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> tried already 5 times or smth
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> just click on merge manually
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> github is just having some network problems I guess
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's just for the green checkmark
22:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> bors wouldn't stop the merge for codeql yet I think
22:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pipou looks like they already planned an egyptian tileset in vanilla btw
22:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> Ah well.. xd
22:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/issues/2778
22:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @Jupstar âœª @Ravie @mind I have a question about image rendering and the ddnet's new version
22:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> go ahead
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> If my client is 15.1 and I play old maps with dilated and borderfixed images, will it look funky to me ?
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @Jupstar âœª @Ravie @mind I have a question about image rendering and ddnet's new version
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> borderfix might make the map very bit less good looking, dilate is still required anyway
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @deen so dilate is still needed ğŸ˜›
22:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> sadly teeworlds built upon the borderfix for too long time ğŸ˜„
22:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> well it auto dilates in the editor now @Pipou
22:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> oh
22:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> so I don't need to drag images in the .exe now?
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar âœª when did that happen? ^^
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> how can one check that images are dilated @Jupstar âœª
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> to counter borderfix, wasn't there borderadd?
22:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @heinrich5991 you clearly see it ingame
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pipou what do I need to look out for?
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> borders?
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> without dilate there is an odd outline around the mapres
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> @heinrich5991 open in gimp and disable alpha layer
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> k
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> teeworlds doesn't require dilate anymore?
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765679991161094144/unknown.png
22:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes
22:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> thye use pre calculated alphas
22:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> so I need to re-render all of my images ğŸ˜­
22:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Pipou wdym? due to tileset_borderfix no longer being needed?
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> well all of them are already dilated and borderfixed
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> so I need to render them without anything
23:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> fun ğŸ˜„
23:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yeah especially the border fix
23:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> the dilate doesnt matter really
23:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is dilate idempotent?
23:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> i.e. does it not do anything on the second application?
23:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> i dont understand xd
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if I apply it to an image A and get another image B
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and then apply it to the image B, do I get the same image B?
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> if AB were the same before yes
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> e.g. if pipou puts it into dilate.xe and then it imports it in the editor
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> which also dilates
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> yes
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> if he uses our dilate tool
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> does the second dilating change the image?
23:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> it will be the same
23:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> kk
23:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> and we have a config to disable it
23:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> nice
23:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but why do we need the config then?
23:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if it's the same anyway
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> if someone doesnt want to dilate for some reason
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah, at all you mean
23:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> dilated images will work fine in 0.7 too, its really just transparent pixels that are getting colored
23:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I see
23:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, thanks for the explanation the other day
23:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I never knew what dilate does
23:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> @Jupstar âœª So if I dilate it myself it's fine ?
23:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, doesn't hurt
23:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pipou> oh good great ğŸ˜„
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar âœª maybe we should remove the dilate tool if it's not needed anymore?
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so that people don't need to worry about applying it
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> It's needed for other graphics, like skins
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> just not for mapres
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> okay
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is there anything that doesn't need it?
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so I can add a CI check for dilation?
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> graphics without transparency
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 I added one once, my PR must still be around somewhere
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but they don't get affected, no?
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2798
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I just dilated and differed the resulting pictures
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> (using identify from imagemagick)
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> to sum it up, we could go with pre calculated alphas, that would require runtime calculations, for 1024*1024 around 3million float operations per texture, thats not alot, but for 4k images its a bit already
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> on the other side i'd not require dilate at all anymore
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> idc what we do
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> 
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> GTA 5 for example does something similar to dilate
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar âœª> other games prefer precalculated alphas
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > 3million float operations per texture, thats not alot
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> computers :poggers:
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `basename "$file" .png`
23:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> uh nice trick, didn't know it
23:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> with zsh it's just `${i:r}`, but apparently no one likes zsh except me
23:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whats the trick
23:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I didn't know you could pass a second parameter to `basename`
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765685610400055306/unknown.png
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> you should read the manual :monkalaugh:
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> can't read the manual of each command to discover new options, way too many commands
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I can read a manual if I know which tool I need
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'd probably have googled how to strip the .png in bash
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/765685874679480380/unknown.png
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well
23:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but yeah
