08:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen a 0 return there is not a preprocessing failure actually, it just means the packet needs no further processing
08:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It should return but, no need to log
08:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh, but why is the raw msg a nullptr then?
09:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @deen rawmsg being 0 is supposed to signify that there is no need for further processing
09:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I just forgot the return
09:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> you need a check in OnMessage tho
09:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> for pRawMsg
09:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> just like it was before
09:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> invalid messages are dropped there
09:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yes, I removed it while restructuring then forgot to add it back
09:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> when unpacked by the handler
09:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Yea
09:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ok
10:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2311/files sounds like a DoS waiting to happen
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, already changed it
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> i didn't really know what the preprocess was doing and we had crashes because of this
10:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hi @heinrich5991, if you have time, please take a look at <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2307>, it adds some stuff to the protocol
10:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> currently looking into the steam release stuff
10:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :o
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> just noticed ger 2 is quite a big server :monkaS:
10:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/724548240933912596/unknown.png
11:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, way too big for us
11:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> `pStr[-1] = 0;` how is this even possible?
11:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i guess its some pointer arithmetic
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `*(pStr - 1) = 0`
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> warning: writing 1 byte into a region of size 0 [-Wstringop-overflow=]
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki>   117 |  pStr[-1] = 0;
11:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this is on inline void IntsToStr(const int *pInts, int Num, char *pStr)
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah, I think we had false positives in that function before :/
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `a[b]` is just sugar for `*(a+b)`
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> yeye
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> that's it's literal definition üòõ
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but that sugar reminded me of python
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xd
11:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> in C, or in C++ with pointers
11:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> has some very interesting consequences, like `5["abcdefghijkl"]` being possible üòÑ
11:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> so are most warnings in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2235 false positives?
11:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i managed to fix the first one
11:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> which is not a string overflow
11:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> one would have to check individually
11:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but I do remember that this warning did have false positives in the past
11:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://gcc.gnu.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=87296
11:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki prefer feedback here or on the PR?
11:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> pr
11:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki feedback on technicalities and the actual feature are in different replies
11:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the frozen tee in a ice block can be done in another pr, i dont think it matters here
11:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it matters to me from a game design perspective
11:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I don't think the proposed solution is the way to go
11:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> also it would look weird if the ice block is square , i think i saw it sometimes in the past
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 "I think we shouldn't use client capabilities but send all clients the same data. "
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont know how to achieve this
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this feature stops sending that the weapon you have when frozen is ninja
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and instead it makes the client use the ddnet character
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> you need client capabilities to know which clients can make use of ddnet character
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and not rely on weapon ninja
11:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the proposed pr has nothing to do with the freeze being a ninja or not
11:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think that should be handled in another pr
11:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> / issue
12:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh, it's not showing the actual skin
12:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> sorry, have seen something like that up there in the developer chat
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> <thinking>
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 back to the capabilities, do you see why i dont see how to achieve what you say?
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ok sry
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> Helllo
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> can u help me
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> please
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> fast please
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> me need to kick someone on map
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> he want finish with my nickname
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> but me dont want
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> it
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> #general and tag a mod
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not #developer
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cryingüåô> kk sry
12:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki ok, I can't think of anything better than sending a client capability :/
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> one could put it into a different netobj, but then we'd have redundant information
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> also not nice
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 then, where do you think i should place to achieve that good discoverable position?
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> > I'd suggest to send it right before sending the player name etc. On the server side, only accept it before the player name. This get rids of problems where weird behavior appears when clients change it while in game.
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `Cl_StartInfo`
12:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is what it's called IIRC
12:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> inside the sendinfo method i guess
12:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> inside the start
12:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yep
12:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and apparently the `SendDummyInfo`
12:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess you should create a function to not duplicate the code
12:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 i guess using CNetMsg_Cl_Capabilities instead of AddInt is better
12:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes
12:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 pushed
12:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ups
12:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> forgot Msg.Pack(&Packer);
12:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ok fixed
12:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @deen can you notice my client too? https://fokkonaut.github.io/F-Client
12:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Its more spread on the 0.7 community than zillywoods
12:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (PRs are possible to that repo btw)
12:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hmm
12:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think now the server doesnt get the capabilities
12:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 were should the server receive it now?
12:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it seems it doesnt get it now
12:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> near `Cl_StartInfo`
12:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> make sure to only accept the `Cl_Capabilities` once and only before `Cl_StartInfo`
12:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> that would happen when pPlayer->m_LastChangeInfo is 0?
12:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> or when pPlayer->m_IsReady is false
12:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i guess its that
12:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> or both
12:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `!m_IsReady`
12:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and a boolean to indicate whether you already received a `Cl_Capabilities`
12:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it works now
12:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> pushed
12:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Do we really need capabilities btw? Wouldnt old clients just drop the unknown message?
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> we need
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> as discussed earlier
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 the problem is that we currently clobber the weapon field
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> old clients rely on that
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we could duplicate the information "real weapon" into a different snapobj
12:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> or we can just use the capabilities
12:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its just 1 packet at the start
12:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im sure in the future we will also find its use on another thing
12:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that is not the rouble with it
12:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the trouble is that we're making the protocol more complicated
12:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> capability messages are about the worst thing that can happen
12:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so many edge cases that are untested
12:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> which ones?
12:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> clients that turn on capabilities in a combination that we don't test
12:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> so you will decline the pr?
12:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, I explained that I didn't find any better solution
12:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but you pretending that the solution has no downsides is a bit meh
12:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i never said that
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> the old way was to remember which version of ddnet client added support for which feature
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> > [12:32 PM] Ryozuki: its just 1 packet at the start
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I interpreted this message as "the worst problem with the solution is that it's a packet we send"
12:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ah, that would get rid of the "exponential amount of stuff to test"
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> problem
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i just mentioned that because i thought "we could duplicate the information "real weapon" into a different snapobj" would actually send that rly often
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> wdyt @Ryozuki?
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, then it's just a linear amount of supported features, <= the number of versions we have
12:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> of supported combinations*
12:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we even made that "feature" better recently, so it's always available
12:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what means wdyt
12:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> what do you think
12:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> " to remember which version of ddnet client added support for which feature" this?
12:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i find it ugly, but if you like it more we can go with it, we will have the code cluttered with version checks
12:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i just thought about client capabilities give other clients
12:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the opportunity to implement those
12:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and not rely on ddnet version
12:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> s / about /that
13:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Hey guys
13:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Blurry and I had a problem
13:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> I mean it wasn‚Äôt that important but still
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> We wanted to save with ¬´¬†/save Fluday¬†¬ª
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> And it saved with another pw
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Such as ¬´¬†draw move goofy¬†¬ª ¬´¬†twins slift slul¬†¬ª
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Fluday save code was already used
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Slum*
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Oh probably !
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so it picked a different one for you
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Didn‚Äôt know that
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you can load it again if you want to change the code
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> But it should ¬¥t write
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> This password has been used no ?
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Instead of putting another one
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Or maybe you changed it recently
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it got changed recently
13:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Oh ok
13:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fluday> Thanks then !
13:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Can we enable /r on testservers always and in team 0?
13:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://hot3eed.github.io/2020/06/22/snap_p2_deobfuscation.html
13:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> cool
14:13 <+ChillerDragon> @heinrich5991 lmao > When you have 200+ million daily users, you‚Äôll definitely want to keep your API private from spammers and co., so you‚Äôll have to keep a secret
14:13 <+ChillerDragon> and then he publishes it ;D
14:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti enabled now
14:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Learath2 can't connect with Vanilla 0.6 anymore. I'll do a bisect
14:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh well, locally I can't connect with a different error
14:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Thx deen :feelsamazingman:
14:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Always so fast to fix Problems :feelsgoodman:
14:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> ^
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> wait its not xd
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> /practice worked like on any other server Already.
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> But on test it would be nice to not write /practice and also can use it in team 0 at any time
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> wait its not xd
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> /practice worked like on any other server Already.
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> But on test it would be nice to not write /practice and also can use /r at any time
14:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> so u dont have to get logged in and abuse super especially because super breaks switches
14:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ah, can't turn on sv_rescue after server is running, hm
14:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> now it should work
14:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> How does this break when I'm outside?
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> it broke before
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but the bug report was too unspecific üòÑ
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> So is there any urgent issue now?
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> my guess is that it's something about the character net object
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2318https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2318
14:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2318
14:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Hm, I never checked vanilla actualy
14:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2317 the warning was real, this won't work properly on MSVS I think
14:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> i.e. should fix the format string instead of the change you did
14:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> Thx, works now
14:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh, but we used this before in many places
14:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I only see one mention of %lld in the source, at your line @deen
14:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> there were multiple warnings for this in mingw
14:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> those might all be broken on MSVS
14:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the change mostly silenced the warnings, not fixed them
14:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (for MSVS)
14:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (the commit did fix them for mingw)
14:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I thought this was a bug in mingw
14:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> %lld isn't understood in MSVS IIRC
14:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> never mind
14:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> stackoverflow says it works in MSVS
14:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> then that warning was wrong(?)
14:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm how does that change even fix the warning, I wonder
14:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the warning is produced on the `str_format`, which is marked as taking a format argument
15:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the body of that function should be irrelevant to that warning
15:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it can't even be seen from the place where the warning is emitted
15:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> nope, gcc is smart enough and checks where the string literal came from
15:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> (is my assumption)
15:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we do have an annotation on `str_format`, I thought the warning came from there
15:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it can't know the body when comping src/game/server/ddracecommands.cpp
15:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> compiling*
15:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the compiler call doesn't see src/base/system.c
15:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, it's a bit mysterous actually
15:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> @deen regarding the bug with locking/killing at the same time causing to bug teams
15:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> I think theres a major problem with dummy maps
15:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> I think I broke something there
15:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> I can no longer join team 15 (which I used to try the bug) with 2 tee's
15:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> I broke team 16 aswell, just to verify it :pepeH:
15:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <n000b> XD
15:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://www.wietzebeukema.nl/blog/hijacking-dlls-in-windows
16:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> hMM
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> @vNikyu / murpi did u try to cross startline on a dummy map?
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti> With the bug
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Okay, I'm back home
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Let me first commit the racetimer changes, then I'll take a look at vanilla
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The fact that there are people still using vanilla confuses me very much
16:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> vanilla 0.6 is indeed an odd target
16:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> Does anyone know if the "katana eyes" (`+`) on skins are still used for anything? including outside of DDRace
16:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> @·∂∞¬∞KonÕßsti I have not
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> probably wouldnt let you pass you
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> probably wouldnt let you pass
16:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> @Learath2 you managed to escape turkey? üòÆ pog
16:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> nope still in turkey
16:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I was outside having a late lunch
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> :feelsbadman:
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> guses you can call turkey your new home :kek:
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> funny that the C++ standard library doesn't include a signum function
17:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, very hard to test the finish messages without a score setup
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> TIL 0.6.5 doesn't really work on mac
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> uff, now I need to get 0.6.5 building to test this old mess
17:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <I.K.U> can u guys add twitch emotes in tw?
17:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <I.K.U> or is there copyright for them
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> gr8 experience
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/724644908908019783/Screenshot_2020-06-22_at_18.19.31.png
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, I seem to have broken the local client id detection for old vanilal
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I can't get it to completely break though
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> each new vanilla client seems to control the vanilla client that joined before it üòÑ
17:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, this is pretty hard to debug
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> huh cid 0 seems unaffected
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm everyone seems to think cid 0 is their local
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I guess that's what I broke
17:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> so all vanilla clients are supposed to think they are id 0
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> found it, missed while refactoring again üò¶
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> @Learath2 Could we possibly make little vote in #announcements to let players choose how the players in `/spec` should be displayed like?
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2309#issuecomment-647612108
17:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> Simple black-dashed one looks simple & clean, but got a lot of suggestions to somehow make it visible on darker backgrounds, so...
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> hm, didn't really think this through, we don't have emojis for 1 2 3 and 4 üòÑ
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> 1Ô∏è‚É£2Ô∏è‚É£3Ô∏è‚É£4Ô∏è‚É£
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> but Discord itself does ^
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> nvm am blind
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> was pushing the fix for the vanillat thing at the same time
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Thanks @Learath2
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Confirmed that it works, will rebuild servers
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh can you check spec while you have a server up?
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> spectating?
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> seems to work
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> pause too
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The fakesnap looked odd to me for a sec
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Learath2 0.7 shouldnt fake ids
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Translate wouldnt change anything for them anyway
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> why?
19:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> they should just behave like ddnet clients
19:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> only 0.6 clients with 16 players (like vanilla(
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> You made me get up from my very comfortable couch to just see that translate does indeed just return true without doing anything for sixup
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> xd
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> are you fixing it?
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Nothing to fix
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> oh
20:09 <+ChillerDragon> send help teeworlds is starting on my second screen :/ but not on the primary
20:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> mine always starts on my primary screen o.o
20:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> @ChillerDragon try using 0.6 client
20:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Try using 0.5, the older the better
20:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> download teewars client
20:41 <+ChillerDragon> u all big trolls
20:41 <+ChillerDragon> @Patiga mine always on secondary even if i change primary screen in my settings
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> mine stays on the same screen when changing primary display @ChillerDragon
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki with the ice block, I think "no weapon" would look nicer tbh
20:43 <+ChillerDragon> so same as mine? but better?
20:43 <+ChillerDragon> :D
20:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont want the iceblock
20:43 <+ChillerDragon> i blame arch :D
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> also got arch :p
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> nobody wants it imho
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> ikr
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> thats why i blame arch @Patriga
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> OMG the r
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> ouchie
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and im not implementing it
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> ye typo
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> sry
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that's fine @Ryozuki
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> how do you know tho
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i just dont want to mix that discussion with this pr
20:44 <+ChillerDragon> that u use arch?
20:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki it might be better to discuss these graphics/gameplay related issues before turning them into code, at least if you're concerned about writing code that might not get merged
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> aye
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> how do you know that people are vegan?
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> they tell u
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> when
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> arch users 24/7
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki but I'm saying that I think it doesn't fit the ice block thing that we might want to do in thefuture
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> that pr has an option to disable the feature
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> u and heinrich less often
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> also konsti not too much
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> with the iceblock u would need the capabilities anyway
20:45 <+ChillerDragon> im sure you mentioned it here and then
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki if it were up to me, I'd remove those options, no matter whether it's getting merged or not
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> o.o i cant really recall announcing it ever, except like once when i first saw the player "Arch Linux" ingame
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> options are no excuse
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 yeah but diferent ppl want  diferent things
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i would totally fork ddnet if u only allowed an iceblock
20:46 <+ChillerDragon> im sure ull get a hit by running "grep -i patiga.*arch" on irc logs
20:47 <+ChillerDragon> i swear i didnt hack ur pc to find it out
20:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> mom im scared
20:47 <+ChillerDragon> maybe during some techquestions or issue reports
20:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> ah
20:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> fair
20:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> what do you guys mean by the ice block?
20:47 <+ChillerDragon> henlo i have this ddnet klient bromelme I USE ARCH BTW
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Soreu https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/2307#issuecomment-647674784
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> that maybe: https://ddnet.tw/skins/skin/frozen.png ?
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its rly ugly
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> ah
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> nobody wants that
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not true
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> people will 100% say with ninja
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'd want that
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the ice is cluttered
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ninja is rounded and shows perfectly the bounds in physics
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it'd also provide the distinguishability between tees that someone else wanted
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its also clean
20:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> players were many times asking for that frozen-skin to be used, but in different scenario, where that "ice" would be put over their skin, so that you can see skins unlike ninja
20:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you can see that (in my link) @Soreu
20:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/367283/85317906-71401600-b4bf-11ea-97c1-50dadfef1cfd.gif
20:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> @Ryozuki afaik the physics are square in some cases
20:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> looks so bad
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im definitly against this
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> looks quite nice, though I'd be for more into this style
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/724697833160048660/frozen.png
20:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> of the ice itself
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont like it
20:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> i would love to see it, its horrifyingly cute
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> Is there perhaps issue/PR already about the ice-block?
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, not yet
20:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Soreu> can't find any, but sometimes the names are quite misleading
20:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/121#issuecomment-68357982
20:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the only thing I found related to this
21:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I feel like the ice skin would mess too much with the hitboxes, also if this gets added then it needs to actually look good and not some random blue square put over your tee (and of course the possibility to keep using ninja skin)
21:09 <+ChillerDragon> Patiga ok i solved it by setting a screen in tw graphics settings
21:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> ah, thats actually good to know
21:55 <+ChillerDragon> its a 0.7 only feature i think
21:55 <+ChillerDragon> yea looks like
22:05 <+ChillerDragon> is github and githubstatus down?
22:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> github.com main page loads for me
22:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://www.githubstatus.com/ tells me  Update - An update to our nameservers has been rolled back. We are monitoring recovery.
22:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> Jun 22, 20:00 UTC
22:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> so 5min ago
22:05 <+ChillerDragon> yea its back now
22:05 <+ChillerDragon> but 1 sec ago githubstatus was literaly down
22:06 <+ChillerDragon> ah nice all back
22:06 <+ChillerDragon> i was this close to restart my computer ;D
22:07 <+ChillerDragon> what are these mad lads doing i cant even ping github.com
22:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> dns is bad
22:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you get the wrong IP address
22:07 <+ChillerDragon> so its me?
22:07 <+ChillerDragon> should i switch dns?
22:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> dns changes propagate slowly
22:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> try again in some time
22:08 <+ChillerDragon> i blame microsoft
22:08 <+ChillerDragon> i cant live without github
22:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> apple is making cpus no
22:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> w
22:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> "Apple has long been rumored to be developing its own in-house ARM processors to replace the Intel chips it currently uses in its Macs."
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Ryozuki they have been making mobile cpus for ~10 years
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well this one is for mac
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> in some benchmarks the ipad pro's cpu beats intel mobile chips already btw
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :poggers:
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what about amd?
23:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and Intel is tiny compared to Apple
23:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> tiny in what way?
23:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> market capitalization
23:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'd guess apple's usage of CPUs is far less than intel's production
23:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Apple is worth 8 times Intel I think
23:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and the benchmarks, what were they about? performance? performance per watt?
23:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I heard non-intel CPUs are better at performance per watt
23:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Ryozuki maybe the ice cube should be a bit smaller? It indeed looks like it increases the size of tee atm
23:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> pure performance I think
23:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> but mobile cpus are always power/cooling constrained
23:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @deen i guess, i simply like more the ninja skin, to me entering a darker area and being not able to move doesnt mean im frozen idk feels rly out of place
23:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> hmm
23:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> The ninja feels a bit out of place to me
23:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> like it was just available, but has nothing to do with ddrace freeze
23:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> new player I've seen struggled to understand that ninja = not being able to move
23:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> exactly. We're just used to it because we've seen it for years
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think a frozen skin but that has the same size as the ninja
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe just a frozen effect
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> over the skin
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> but without going outside the tee
23:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Many thinks shrink when cooled down. Maybe just make the tee smaller and put it in a round ice ball üòÑ
23:15 <+bridge> [freenode] <Zwelf> @deen can you look into the ger2 8304 server crash?
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :o
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> oh shit, lots of crashes
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ```
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Program terminated with signal SIGSEGV, Segmentation fault.
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #0  0x0000564005314ee7 in CPlayer::Snap (this=0x5640053efcf8 <ms_PoolDataCPlayer+10296>, SnappingClient=SnappingClient@entry=4) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/game/server/gamecontext.h:122
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> 122             IServer *Server() const { return m_pServer; }
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> [Current thread is 1 (Thread 0x7f055fe0bdc0 (LWP 1095))]
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> (gdb) bt
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #0  0x0000564005314ee7 in CPlayer::Snap (this=0x5640053efcf8 <ms_PoolDataCPlayer+10296>, SnappingClient=SnappingClient@entry=4) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/game/server/gamecontext.h:122
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #1  0x0000564005301148 in CGameContext::OnSnap (this=0x7f055d809010, ClientID=4) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/game/server/gamecontext.cpp:3331
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #2  0x00005640052d90d3 in CServer::DoSnapshot (this=this@entry=0x7f055f03f010) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/engine/server/server.h:119
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #3  0x00005640052dfb2d in CServer::Run (this=this@entry=0x7f055f03f010) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/engine/server/server.cpp:2508
23:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> #4  0x00005640052d23c6 in main (argc=3, argv=0x7ffdddd56d28) at /home/teeworlds/src/master/src/engine/server/server.cpp:3525
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> ```
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/4
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well it would be nice to have a artist do some sketches
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> lol
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Bad bot
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> issue #1 xd
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> lol
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whats this
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @jao fix bot
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Learath2 Crash ^
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <abcqwerty> issue #1
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <abcqwerty> oh cool
23:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @jao maybe blacklist issues < 25 or so
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/724734833368236042/unknown.png
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> < 197
23:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> first report here: https://discordapp.com/channels/252358080522747904/342454474117218334/724732138817060914
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh look
23:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> with a artist we could also do that issue in the pic
23:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> something like a roughly tee-shaped frost effect is the only way I can see it working (not sure what about odd shaped skins tho)
23:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/724737648035495957/unknown.png
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> thats cute
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> did you just quickly sketch that up? üòÆ
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> looks nice
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah it's not very great, took only a minute
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen do you still have the coredump+executable of the crash in #general? I wonder if one could use gdb to extract the save
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> sorry, no :/
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> replaced the executable and removed the crashes
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> there were also so many crashes and the cores overwrite each other
