06:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> client randomly crashing a lot in newer ddnet versions :/
06:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> stop using speedhax
06:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> lol its not that
07:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> Hello!
07:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> Guys, who can explain: What doing sv_vanilla_antispoof command?
07:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> In DDnet server
07:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <noby> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/765749929460760577
08:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> Hey, what is sv_map_window >?
08:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> How many packets of the map the server sends you when downloading maps before your client has to respond
08:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> oh... Thanks for explain!
08:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> sv_input_fifo    Fifo file to use as input for server console - its how works?
08:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> like .cfg file?
08:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> only works on linux btw
08:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> it creates a fifo file and you can write commands into it to control the server
08:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> like in F2 ingame
08:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> oookay, understood
09:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Obiwan> sv_mapupdaterate What doing? I has read descrip. but nothing understood
10:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> That's only relevant for 0.6 Teeworlds clients, and no one really uses those anymore
10:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> because old clients only supported 16 players and we have to calculate which 16 players to send you
10:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> And I guess that calculation is expensive so we only update it occsionally instead of all the time
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Souly> old clients had only 16 player support?
10:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Souly> that mustve been terrible
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766685383412154429/screenshot_2020-10-16_10-33-46.png
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> laser bounce star thingie doesnt render in beta for some reason
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Jupstar ‚ú™ did you change something? ^
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> no
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> for me it works
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @louis custom particle asset?
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> what laser bounce star thingie
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> > client randomly crashing a lot in newer ddnet versions :/
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @louis update driver.
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> when the laser bounces it shows a particle
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> waat
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Deathman | Gotty> just wanted to thank you for finally adding the asset feature. DDNET Client has now everything i need
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> the laser particle isnt in particles.png
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766711403146117120/unknown.png
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> wtf wait it is
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> but yeaah i have it
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> oh that thing
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i never knew that
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> send particles skin
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> nobo im using default
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> then its ur driver xdddd
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> cannot reproduce
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> anyone else has this bug?
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> how is my driver not rendering a laser particle
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> how is ur driver crashing in a 2d game
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok lets not do this
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @louis can u pls gfx_opengl_major 1 and try again
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd like to know if its consistent, bcs cannot reproduce with software or hardware rendering
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> wait now it renders but its not because of gfx_opengl_major 1
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> w/e if i get it again ill see the steps i did
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766729389861765150/unknown.png
20:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> this must be a joke
20:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @Jupstar ‚ú™  @deen @heinrich5991 so this is how yall look eh
20:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> me no programmer
20:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar ‚ú™ progamer
20:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but i like the matrix shorts the tee has, very creative xd
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766736673974386688/unknown.png
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> was that deprecated or smth?
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I can't understand how I can make new `+` command
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Does ddnet or tw provides any means on enabling/disabling the map layer serverside?
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I am aware that in infClass ages people were embedding convertor (sic!) into a server to manipulate and push the map. But that workaround is overengineered.
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Maybe something have changed since then?
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I am currently doing this
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766739155069698088/Screenshot_from_2020-10-16_20-26-26.png
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> where is the code for handling such commands like `+fire` `+hook` `+toggle`
21:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> and want players to be able to disable map in game
21:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> and want players to be able to disable minimap in game
21:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Pure_luck use 2 designs, and do it by server time again
21:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> with envelopes
21:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> add switchable envelopes to ddnet
21:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> then i will love u
21:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> should it be server-sided?
21:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I cannot fake servertime as the game has a countdown timer.
21:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @heinrich5991 @Jupstar ‚ú™ where is a handler for `+` commands
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in the source code
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 2 designs? No, I mean I want players to be able to disable that layer individually. One player likes the minimap a lot and the other finds it distracting
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yyeah
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> make it transparent with envelop
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and fake theserver time for one
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and fake the server time for one
21:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Would be so nice if a simple command like SV_NETLAYER_VISIBILITY_UPDATE(int layer_no, bool visible) existed
21:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Would be so nice if a simple command like SV_MAPLAYER_VISIBILITY_UPDATE(int layer_no, bool visible) existed
21:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i don't think the server should get so much control
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> It would be so useful for UIs. And simpler than making a real netgui.
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> you can btw also create 2 maps, one with minimap, one without
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and fake the maps and connecting
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> infClass has 2000 lines of code converting (sic!) map on the fly just to be able to do exactly that
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh true, that would be simpler
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> nowadays nobody understands the trick
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> just provide two maps? ^^
21:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> including me and yavl
21:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @heinrich5991 two maps. Ok, how to send a different map to the player mid-game?
21:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just send a mapchange
21:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is it just for player settings?
21:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> is it just for player preferences that rarely change? you can send a map change
21:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> hm...
21:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> maybe I can implement that, yes
21:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> thanks for suggestions
21:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> though I still think that hot-disabling layers feature without sending mapchange would be nice for other things
21:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> but ok, I will use this workaround this time
21:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> btw what will happen if I will send mapchange to the client mid-game? will it reconnect?
21:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its like changing a map on any server
21:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the server time faker is the cleaner solution if server time doesnt matter in infclass
21:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> it is crucial in infClass
21:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> If I will implement such a message and client feature, will you accept it?
21:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 2 maps are find for 1 feature. For 2 features it will be 4 maps, for 3 features 8 maps and so on
21:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes, but its the same for customization
21:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 2 maps are fine for 1 feature. For 2 features it will be 4 maps, for 3 features 8 maps and so on
21:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> u want more and more features.. at the end you have a new client xD
21:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I want to extend ddrace codebase. Is that bad? Maplayer disable doesn't seems to be a noticeable maintenance burden.
21:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I want to extend ddnet codebase. Is that bad? Maplayer disable doesn't seems to be a noticeable maintenance burden.
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I want to extend ddnet codebase. Is that bad? Maplayer disable feature doesn't seems to be a noticeable maintenance burden.
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> does infclass support any sort of vanilla client?
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> 0.7 or 0.6
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> it supports both
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I mean infNext supports it
21:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> infClass is 0.6 only
21:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> but you'd have to drop support if you add such features in ddnet client, I guess
21:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I will detect vanilla 0.6 and 0.7 and older ddnet clients and will give them map variant with all layer features off
21:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> and will not send them related server data
21:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è will you stop working on the chat bcs of the bugs, or bcs of loosing interest?
21:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è if its bcs of bugs, i can also fix them if you want
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> hey I have a problem with the game could you help me?
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ I will make another PR right now from another branch. And yeah, I need your help with bug fixing, 'cause I have no motivation to work on chat anymore, because it's already usable enough for me and I'm playing with it
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But yeah, it has a few bugs to fix
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Deathman | Gotty> Devs could you add cursor to assets?
21:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Fuck just descripe the problem üòÑ
21:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Deathman | Gotty what cursor? XD
21:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> the problem is that my game is very lagged and I cannot enter the servers without going to settings
21:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> just replace the cursor.png
21:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> why did u close that pr to open the same pr
21:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> and another thing is that some blocks appear to me with numbers and are more transparent
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> learn git already omg
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Ryozuki it was much easier then figuring out how to fix my mess in git
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Fuck i don't really understand what u mean by "without going to settings"
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > learn git already omg
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> no thx xD xD
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but only if you'll help me
21:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> sorry for using translator
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Fuck just post in ur language xd
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> eh spanish
21:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah just do it, then i can use a different translator xD
21:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> vale gracias
21:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> el problema es
21:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> mi juego me va muy lageado y no me deja entrar a ningun servidor
21:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> Ni ir a los ajustes ni nada
21:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> solo puedo estar en el menu
21:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> pero antes me iba perfecto el juego
21:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok
21:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> ahora va todo lageado y no puedo hacer nada
21:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Fuck try F1 -> gfx_opengl_major 1
21:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> then restart client
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> Ok voy a intentar
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è you don't have to close PR. PR is not a snapshot of difference. PR is just a web page that shows differences between two branches. You don't typically close PR to update the branch.
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So how could I change branch to merge with
21:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Just update it and PR contents will update its "contents" accordingly.
21:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> pfff, it's not about that at all
21:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è you want to update branch contents right? Why would you use another branch for the same feature?
21:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Deathman | Gotty> @Jupstar ‚ú™ gui_cursor.png xd. I have many xd
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I wanted to not use master branch for PR
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but now I'm in total mess with repo
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah, @Deathman | Gotty has no high priority, sry üòÑ
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è using master branch for forks I think is fine.
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Deathman | Gotty> @Jupstar ‚ú™ ok sad
21:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> at least while you describe changes in PR title and in commits
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> fine, but the main question is:
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> - How can I work on 2 features at the same time while having 2 different PR's on them
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> nobody cares about originating branch I think. It will not be in commit history
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> nobody cares about originating branch I think. It will not be in commit history after mering
21:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> create a new branch for the second feature
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git checkout -b pr_new
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git fetch --all
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git reset --hard upstream/master
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> i think you normally dont do pull request from master but if you only do it once its fine
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I am not sure he has added upstream yet
21:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I did
21:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I haven't got that you're working on 2 features. It's ok to have another branch for it ofc..
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> What if I want to merge two my features while I have 2 branches and 2 PRs for them
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> that would be shown as update in PR I guess
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> @Jupstar ‚ú™  No funciono, hay alguna manera de resetear los ajustes de ddnet?
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git checkout -b my_compile_branch
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git reset --hard upstream/master
21:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git merge origin/pr1
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> git merge origin/pr2
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> No, it's the correct way to have 2 branches, and 2 PRs for 2 independent features
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> It is correct/ correct way to have 2 branches, and 2 PRs for 2 independent features
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Fuck windows key + r -> %APPDATA%/Teeworlds
21:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> or config_directory.bat
21:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> why is it so boring and confusing...
21:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Fuck> @Jupstar ‚ú™ Gracias! me sirvio
21:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <plsplsplslol> you want to compile the master branch right
21:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è about the white tee bug:
21:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just save the skin name and color
21:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> don't rely on snapshots, bcs the tees might leave when recreating the chat
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > why is it so boring and confusing...
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Cause you're not thinking that learning this will be useful in your life. But it most certainly will.
21:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> At least if you will choose to be a programmer.
21:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Also getting good with git is hard first. It has a steep learning curve though after you've learned it you will just breath it.
21:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I think it is useful, I just don't want to be that much confused right now with this, cuz I'm not in the mood
21:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I am using git for just everything. It's the most concise way of tracking changes: maps, wikis, styles etc.
21:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> @–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è take your time. You don't have to rush it.
21:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> I know it's frustrating to get obstacles when you were considering work already done.
21:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I'm using git and pretty much ok with that all the time, but fork and pr are too hard rn
21:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> It was hard for me too. I've learned to use forks 2 weeks ago üòÑ
21:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Usually you need forks only for opensource.
21:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> sometimes visualization is the key
21:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://sarafordnet.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/image_thumb71.png?w=830&h=446
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> if you know what the idea behind the commands is
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its much easier
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I've just fucked up all this
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766750863414657074/unknown.png
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> but `color_picker` branch is ok
21:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> You can fork a fresh branch from master and `git cherry-pick` only needed commits to it
21:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> what?
21:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> you can start fresh and use git cherry-pick to take commits from any branch to a new one
21:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 2 problems right now are:
21:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 1. the mess above upstream/master
21:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 2. color_picker branch have no chat features in it
21:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Nobody ever reads those colorful lines.
21:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> They're just for a person who will ever track a git disaster of some kind trying to recover.
21:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Most time this tree representation is confusing and not usefull at all.
21:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> It doesn't have to look neat.
21:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Well... you can learn git rebase, but honestly it will not worth it for this situation.
21:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> > 2. color_picker branch have no chat features in it
21:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> 
21:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> Are they lost?
21:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> or have you stashed it prior to making any checkouts/resets?
21:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> you can try `git reflog` to find "lost" commits if you have commited changes before
21:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> or I don't understand the problem
21:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> its in a `chat_visual`
22:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> working with 2 branches at the same time is confusing
22:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> it shouldn
22:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> 't be
22:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> not in case with git unless you're really mastered it
22:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> git introduces complexity and with every branch you're working on simultaneously it grows nonlinear
22:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Pure_luck> unless you have a clear history of commits in your head and skills to solve it
22:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Just fix my chat and merge it already
22:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So I can ever make a new repo (lol) and start working normally
22:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> you dont want to try fixing it yourself anymore?
22:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> So I can even make a new repo (lol) and start working normally
22:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I don't
22:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I'm fine with version I have rn
22:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok, then i'll write into you branch if you ok with it
22:03 <+ChillerDragonTL> git gud 
22:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But for public release it should be fixed a little
22:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> > ok, then i'll write into you branch if you ok with it
22:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @Jupstar ‚ú™ of course
22:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Where is code for map editor
22:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> src/game/editor
22:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> I need the part with right click on red square which is corner of a quad on map
22:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/766756401560682506/unknown.png
22:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Nice highlighting
