09:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> aoc day23, part 2: ger2 is slower than my local server üò¶
09:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> anyone got a server with fast single-core performance?
09:56 <+ChillerDragon> what is fast
10:01 <+ChillerDragon> @QshaR you here? could https://qshar.com/maps.tar.gz change back to a directory called maps/ containings maps? :) currently it is home/teeworlds/serverMN/data/maps
10:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @heinrich5991 servers usually don't have good single-core performance. Why not run it on a local machine? Intel desktop CPUs will do 5 GHz easily
10:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> qshar was not highlighted by you, ChillerDragon
10:03 <+ChillerDragon> meh
10:03 <+ChillerDragon> ty for info tho
10:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen hm. unfortunately my desktop CPUs are old years old and very slow
10:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess my home server has a desktop CPU
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://blog.johnnovak.net/2020/12/21/nim-apocrypha-vol1/
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> nim becoming more famous?
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :POGGIES:
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> please no spoilers for day23
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (I realize this one is day21)
10:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hmm?
10:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'm not yet done with day23 ^^
10:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> what i sent is just a blog post
10:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> not related to aoc xd
10:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh üòÑ
10:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> sorry, still have my aoc glasses on
10:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
10:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3440#discussion_r547867225
10:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> done
11:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> üíï
11:54 <+ChillerDragon> is it possible to submit maps to ddnet without having discord?
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> no
12:06 <+ChillerDragon> oh thats sad :/
13:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 my server has a desktop cpu if you want to give it a go :P
13:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Though I guess it's supposed to run on most any machine, maybe your algorithm is not efficient?
14:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Patiga> mine only ran for 3 hours
14:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 is there no way to ask for a version of clang-format in our config?
14:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Not sure if acceptable but we could have CI commit the final formatting
15:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 no shit üòõ
15:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> my first 2.5h run had an off-by-one error
15:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hopefully this run will be fine
15:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> am I missing anything?
15:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/791309819184807936/image2733.png
15:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Ravie X number of jumps?
15:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> ah yeah I've decided to wait with that one since it's a weird case
15:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> render it per text container
15:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> And I guess showing tunes is too complex/confusing
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah but I'm not sure for example how small the rendered numbers can be before they're illegible
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> who implements it btw?
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I liked the display idea of showing that many dj indicators
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> in the top left corner
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> like health currently
15:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (doesn't have to be horizontal)
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah that's the coolest option I guess
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I can design a dj icon in a style like healthbar with the empty one as well
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> and is there a countdown timer for freeze? (blue line)
15:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess the teleweapons could instead replace the normal weapons
15:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> what if you got the buff but don't have that weapon yet?
15:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh, that's possible? I guess show it beneath the disabled weapon
15:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the orange portal
15:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> well it might be unlikely to be in a map but I'm just trying to think what fuckery you can do, since eventually someone will do it anyway
15:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, sounds good!
15:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I didn't realize that one
15:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I guess there needs to be something like a "ddnet_game.png" if it's not just icons
15:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea
15:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess we could put it into the normal game.png
15:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and make the size larger
15:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> taking it from our default game.png if the user-provided game.png does not have these icons
15:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> are there any free platforms for hosting telegram bots
15:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> if we resize game.png or add anything to it then you can't use custom skins
15:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> unless you edit ddnet stuff into it which is a problem to some people
15:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> see above, we just use the default icons if they're not present in the custom one
15:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I think this solution is cleaner because it allows people to share a game.png for ddnet in one file
15:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> but resolution needs to stay the same anyway and there might not be enough room for all the new stuff (and if there is, then barely enough with no room for the future)
15:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, we'd change the resolution, I think
15:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> so you mean, if the gameskin resolution is 1024x512 then load default ddnet stuff (which is its own file then anyway)?
15:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> or are old gameskins just incompatible
15:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes.
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not incompatible
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> that would be bad
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @heinrich5991 makes more sense to have a new file
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> for all the icons
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> why is that? I gave reasons for the other point of view above
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> oh
15:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> cant we use the ones from entities
15:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> how?
15:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well the tiles
15:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> looks weird
15:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they look very similar
15:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> dont they
15:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> yes but we cant just use the tile
15:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> why not
15:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Looks weird
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> alter thje default entities so we can use them
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Imagine this with tiles xd
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> would look bad
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it is basically tiles
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> well my icons are literally tiles now xD
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> but not with the Background around it
15:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> they're in a 64x64 square, just not filling it fully
15:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> yea and tiles are filling a full tile
15:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> nah
15:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> of course they are
15:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes they have a background
15:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> however, the entities have more space left
15:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> game png is already tight
15:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I outlined a solution above, what's the problem?
15:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we enlarge game.png, with backward compatibility
15:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> makes game.png incompatible to vanilla tho
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in the other direction
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ddnet to vanilla
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not opposite
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @fokkonaut
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/791319001480691772/unknown.png
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes, but it can be fixed by truncating the image in a normal graphics editor
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> i know
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Ravie
15:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> But we still cant use entities for this because entities have a background around
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> thats all im saying xd
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> but it doesn't matter what you put in a tile xD it can be fully transparent and still a tile
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes. you two are agreeing
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Ravie its more about using the entities clear
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Ravie ^
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> instead of custom icons
16:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> correct
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> hey guys sorry for interruption
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> I would need help with sending skin change to 0.7 clients on DDNet
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> 
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> for 0.6 clients version it works like this
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> would appreciate any help :)
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ```
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> void CPlayer::Snap(int SnappingClient)
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> .
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> .
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris>     CNetObj_ClientInfo *pClientInfo = static_cast<CNetObj_ClientInfo *>(Server()->SnapNewItem(NETOBJTYPE_CLIENTINFO, id, sizeof(CNetObj_ClientInfo)));
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> .
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> .
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> StrToInts(&pClientInfo->m_Skin0, 6, m_Zombie ? "cammo" : m_TeeInfos.m_SkinName);
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ```
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> why would you use entities clear for ir o.o
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> why would you use entities clear for it o.o
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so ppl can use their own icons
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> easily
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> just like in game.png
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Axaris protocol7::NETMSGTYPE_SV_SKINCHANGE
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> but game.png is not tied to entities also
16:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> except it fits better in game than entities
16:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Axaris check gamecontext.cpp, should be used somewhere
16:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd say the opposite, since these are looking like the tiles
16:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> (atleast graphically)
16:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> there will also be other stuff, jump meter which is like hp bar and freeze timer
16:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> then you need to add stuff to entities and still add an image for the other things xD
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Axaris sorry, its `protocol7::CNetMsg_Sv_SkinChange`
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well the most less conflicting thing is adding a new asset for ddnet only
16:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> @fokkonaut thanks, that looks great
16:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> imo it's the only sensible thing
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar ‚ú™ that makes it hard to make skinpacks
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> because now you have to distribute two files
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> if we have this stuff in an expanded game.png then we still need another image with ddnet stuff, and there's extra work for coders to detect if those icons are missing and blah blah
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> extra work for coders > extra work for users
16:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> +you never know if someone slaps random crap in his game.png and gets detected as a valid one
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's better if one developer has to do some work, rather than hundreds of users
16:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> One benefit of fitting it on game.png would be that we already have asset switching implemented
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, that too
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> wouldn't that be the benefit of having it as 2 images?
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 do you know what vanilla does if it loads a game.png of the wrong size?
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> probably scale it
16:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If we have 2 images we need to add one more tab and implement a way to switch the second texture too
16:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don't think this is acceptable then. We can't break other clients
16:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If they'd truncate, then we could consider this
16:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> alternatively name it game_ddnet.png and only use that if it's available
16:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> still containing everything
16:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> And if someone switches ingame to an old type game.png we can use the missing icons from the default
16:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes
16:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I think this is the winner solution
16:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> agreed
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it's fine, but now if someone makes a gameskin he needs to make 2 versions, for ddnet and 0.7 which splits the community even more
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The 0.7 version would be just a crop
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> And if they only release a 0.7 version then we use the default icons for our stuff
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> wait are u proposing to make game.png a different resolution
16:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @heinrich5991 why?
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just add a new asset tab
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> nobody needs new assets for hud icons
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the other solution is complete overkill
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar ‚ú™ can you give arguments please ^^
16:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> "complete overkill" is very subjective
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> bcs u have to anylze alot of stuff, have two game pngs
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> you still need a new tab :x
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, we don't need a new tab
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Adding an entire ui tab with functionality isn't overkill but checking the resolution of an image is? I don't see either being harder
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> unless you incorporate some weird gameskin merger into Gameskin tab
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Learath2 its also sharing game pngs, with the new added icosn
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Learath2 its also sharing game pngs, with the new added icons
16:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ravie ^
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> what makes that better than using a new image tho?
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dont get it
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Only issue I see is a 0.7 player accidentally using a game_ddnet.png
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it makes it just harder to keep state with vanilla
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> one annoying thing about checking resolution is that some people will make HD assets
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @deen we check the ratio
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yeah, that's better
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah I see nothing wrong with a separate image, there's already game, entities, particles, gui_icons, emoticons
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the difference is that it makes it harder to do a skin
16:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> even better, just use a new image, for a completly unrelated image xD
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you now have to distribute two images, for relatively similar things
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> currently the ingame HUD comes from one file
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> why is all this stuff not slapped into a single frankengame.png
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> oh come on, you're not arguing in good faith
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in your solution yes, but the hud can still stay independent of the other icons
16:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> well to me it doesn't matter that much one way or the other, I'm just perplexed why merging it would be a better solution
16:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well most people don't. Why argue in good faith and bother actually making up counter arguments when a strawman has the same effect
16:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ravie we gave arguments, but you don't seem to refer to them when trying to say why the solution is bad. if you don't care, nice. then we can go ahead with the solution three people like
16:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so what if u want default game png with new icons
16:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it just makes it harder
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> For the record I wanted to avoid another separate asset tab
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they are unrelated things
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> hm? currently HUD stuff is in game.png
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes. thats the argument
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> like the hearts, the crosshairs
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and we want to keep it that way
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but we talk about the icons from ravie
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> which are displayed in the game HUD, like the stuff in game.png
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> u want to add them into that image dont u?
16:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (e.g. the hearts, the non-filled hearts)
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think u dont get the main point
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i think merging is bad but i'll clarify in a bit
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> these icons from @Ravie look like entities not like Game HUD
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so if u want new icons but default game
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> u have more work
16:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no
16:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if you load a vanilla-style game.png, we fill it with default new icons
16:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
16:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean the opposite
16:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> to me they look like neither xD they're their own thing
16:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ravie isn't it like the health display?
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Ravie what i meant is, u use louis entities u probs only want to replace these icons
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> yeah the dj/freeze stuff is
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not anything else
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If you load a ddnet style game.png you get all icons. I don't see what complex analysis problem you are mentioning here
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> there's one thing like game.png and another thing like entities, and together they're like neither (but still belong together)
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Learath2 then u have a full new game.png
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just for these icons
16:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it removes modularity
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we don't have modularity for these kinds of things right now
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> we didnt even implement it
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you can't change weapons without hook, etc.
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but these are not directly related to the game
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I guess hp/shield bar becomes obsolete, so now only this new image is gui
16:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we still have hp/shield for other gametypes
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> well ok
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Let's just have a separate file with only ddnet icons and a new asset tab. This just isn't a hill worth dying on
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no. this makes sharing it unnecessarily hard
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> see teeworlds 0.7 skins
16:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> no
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> those are also hard to share
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I'm all for having dj/freeze bar in game, but icons are smth completely else
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i completly disagree, its the exact opposite
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> okay. let's move this discussion to github
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it makes it harder to share if we merge them
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we're just repeating arguments at this point
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its like u put particles.png into game.png bcs they are both used similary
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I agree, but I don't have time to implement it and other people won't spend their time implementing things they don't agree with
16:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I guess it's also an option to put dj/freeze in game and a new image for icons
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'll implement it, d/w
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i just dont get how you can think so complicated xD
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> I don't think anyone would take it on himself to make custom new icons with how (in)active the artist community is right now
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> One issue that bugs me is @deen's comment about HD textures
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> that isnt the main issue
16:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Again I don't see how either is more complicated and you refuse to elaborate
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ??????????????????
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i stated arguments nobody here could give an argument agains
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i stated arguments nobody here could give an argument against
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> link?
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/791324046386135061
16:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> read from here
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> new icons but default gamepng
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> creates the same png again
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just with new icoons
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> bcs u dont want modularity
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Jupstar ‚ú™ post the argument to the github issue and I will respond
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> wtf
16:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I won't respond here, because I feel like I already have, and doing so again would just create the cycle once more
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah I see what he means, I guess that is a concern
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok, idc at this point, its 3 vs 2 anyway
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just make sure to use quad containers and text containers for performance
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Mixing and matching is not space efficient if we use one game png
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> can you also move to github please, @Learath2?
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> we already found out that discussions here are unsearchale
16:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and will just repeat, like accounts
16:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Sure
16:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> thanks ‚ù§Ô∏è
16:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3442#issuecomment-750349972 @Jupstar ‚ú™ did I correctly paraphrase your concern?
16:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i just posted it
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> thanks
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @heinrich5991 btw you wanna ship game.png twice? or how would one know which image to edit
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> everything you post here will get lost and re-discussed
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'll post your question to github, okay?
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> no need
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> just ship game_ddnet.png
16:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not game.png
16:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> hm and then you're supposed to just know what pasting an old style game.png will also work?
16:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> hm and then you're supposed to just know that pasting an old style game.png will also work?
16:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I guess, yes
16:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> meh I hate "hidden features"
16:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ddnet is full of them :P
16:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> it's not the best example tho is it :justatest:
16:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> just a new file would fix all issues
16:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @heinrich5991 we really need to find a good way to update extended objects soon
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @fokkonaut ‚Üí githubh
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> a new file would also be better for editing purposes
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> @fokkonaut not exactly, I'm not sure myself which way is better
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> If only another game.png is wanted
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Learath2 yes. it's basically only a programming problem
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I want to add a couple new things into ddnetplayer for a while now and it's really a pain to introduce a new version and write compatibility code everywhere
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Well, guess why there is particles.png and why its not in game.png
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Not related/ other topic
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> So why dont we just add a new file for these icons
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @fokkonaut please go to github if you want to discuss this. some people have already posted there
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3442
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> you're repeating arguments that have already been said here
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> ok
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> @Learath2 what do you want to add?
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> teamsstate?
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I want to add the team# to ddnet player. I want to move teamstate into a new extended message so we can add things like practice flag to it e.g.
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I wanted a couple things in ddnetcharacter too but they don't come to mind right now
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yea, sorry, it's still not solved
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> and it's unfortunately not on top of my list of things to do
16:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> I would want to do the F-Client release soon, @heinrich5991 @Learath2 could you tell me if the pr is okay like this?
16:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I think you already solved it tho, it's only a matter of implementation
16:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> yes. but it's not the next thing I'll do on ddnet
16:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It's kinda one of the most important things as far as ddnet is concerned right now imo
16:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2/issues/35 https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2/issues/30 https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2/issues/29
16:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> these are the next things I wanted to tackle
16:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well obv it's your time, you can spend it however you want. But if your list of things to do is based on priority maybe recheck this one :P
16:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah libtw stuff is also quite important 0.7 messages are a nuisance
16:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> Yo time for a scrum meeting and iteration planning to prioritize the backlog everyone xD
16:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I gtg for half an hour. Need to shop before everything closes for christmas and I'm left starving
16:44 <+ChillerDragon> lmao @YupHio 
16:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Btw, is it normal that antiping makes my game very jittery and rubberbandy on high ping servers even if I'm alone?
16:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'd think we have enough information to predict perfectly regardless of ping
16:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> alone it shouldn't expect if there is a lot of packet loss etc
16:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ah maybe I have packet loss to china, I'll check later
16:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> (insert politically incorrect joke about Wuhan not releasing packet data)
16:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> Yes, happens to me too on CHN servers
16:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> Can someone give me a brief rundown on the whole 0.7 debate? I hear a lot of talk/complaints about versions lately. Are some people preferring an older version of TW? Does DDNet only support a certain version now? Are there pros and cons?
16:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> Also, why does DDNet have their own master server? Did TW refuse to list the extra traffic from tons of DDNet servers on the regular TW master servers or something? Or is it a move for DDNet to become more independent and "its own project" without having to rely on TW?
16:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> I'm just out of the loop, sry :)
16:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> 0.7 debate sums down to ideology mostly. People are so fanatical. There are indeed people who prefer the old version but it's small things like ui look
16:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ddnet would ideally migrate to 0.7 too but it's a lot of work and we are busy ppl :P So ddnet supports both 0.7 and 0.6 clients thanks to a compatibility layer
16:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ddnet hosts a master because we didn't really think one person should host all the masters
16:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> only issue i see is that skins look weird in 0.7, rest is better xd
16:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> üôÉ
16:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The code is getting cleaned up quite a lot lately in 0.7 so it'd be a better developer experience atleast
16:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> ~~I don't like teeworlds overall. It haunts me.~~
16:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> We've been hosting a master server for TW for years, but we recently moved it to a separate server because it attracts too many DoS attacks. Also feels reasonable since half of TW servers are DDNet
16:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> The DDNet tab doesn't count as a master right?
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> correct
16:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Nah that's a json file we serve over http
16:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I don't think an out of loop person would pick up on the master changes that easily, so I want to make it clear.
17:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> Makes sense. I was quite surprised at how few vanilla servers there are now. DDNet will assimilate all, resistance is futile.
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It'd be nice if there were more hosters but people just want to play a handful of mods
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk:
17:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @YupHio if u care about dev aspect, i'd say code that is added to ddnet(not ddrace) is ok, ddnet also has extensions(network wise) support and a new OpenGL support, which makes it quite powerful compared to vanilla
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Indeed
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah the stuff we inherited from ddrace is not pleasant
17:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> ~~It's too powerful I don't know how to work on it most of the time~~
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I was working on a complete rewrite for ddnet7 but I'm stuck on a task too large for my 5 minute attention span
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> How complete.
17:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Isolating gamecontroller will be the thing that makes teeworlds modding a breeze
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Like entirely from scratch except for the ddnet additions, like the auth manager, uuid manager, network extensions, teehistorian
17:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I see
17:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I could hack it all in, but the last major release was like this too, just bolting it on using spaghetti again and again is insane
17:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> But the way tw is set up with gamecontroller leaking all over the place you can't really isolate your gamemode from the server code
17:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> They really should put warning labels on potato chips. It's too addictive
17:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> first idea
17:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ravie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/791336162580889620/unknown.png
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Was there any plan on the vanilla side to provide a better gamecontroller
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> No, but I think they miight accept a cleaner one
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oy has been pretty accepting lately
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> He even accepted my cute custom commands patch
17:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Surprisingly
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I came in expecting to be rejected all the time
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk: so far so good tho.
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> That's how it used to be back in the day
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Ye I've heard that
17:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The only thing you'd hear from oy would be "wontfix"
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> But I thought either way I need chinese compatibility if it gets rejected I'll just make mods
17:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> `IGameController` is a big fat liar. It's not an interface at all. So first order of business is making that into an ABC
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> How do you do interface in c++ tho
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Or am I thinking a different interface
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> An ABC is the closest you get to an interface in c++
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I see
17:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> E.g. IServer, that's an interface
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> After that the next part is combing through the code calling into the gamecontroller and removing all code that's not mod agnostic
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> So for mods you just create a implementation of IGameController something like that?
17:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> E.g. things like restart round. Not all mods have rounds
17:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yes ideally a mod would be just a gamecontroller + entities
17:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> That's a lot of work :cirBlech:
17:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We must keep the diff into the original code very clean so that it's trivial to merge with vanilla updates
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I didn't do a good job of that with textrender tbh.
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I even wanted to not touch the original entities but that proves a little too hard
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> @TsFreddie but that wasn't a mod. It was a patch for vanilla
17:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Oh right
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I mean for a mod. A mod should have the absolute minimal diff for the original code
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Ye
17:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> ~~Screw client mods~~
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The client is way too integrated, sadly no such thing is possible there
17:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Though I kinda like the component system in there, maybe the server should have one too
17:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I helped merging for f-client. Not pleasent. And seems like I broke a lot of stuff in f-client too
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well an interface change is sadly painful
17:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> No way to avoid the large diff
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> So is anything robyt3 does currently.
17:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> üôÉ ~~must do it while oy still in the zone~~
17:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I‚Äôm hoping robyt3 gets interested in server moddability. He seems to have inhuman performance and attention span. He is my only hope of ever getting a clean interface for modding
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> would be nice to make a mod without braking vanilla code(or only minimally) indeed
17:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> would be nice to make a mod without breaking vanilla code(or only minimally) indeed
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I don't even know if there is a way to communicate with robyt3 other than in issues or pr.
17:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> create issue "I want to talk to robyte"
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> He just shows up and delivers a thousand lines of clean code and disappears
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Code Santa
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Like magic
17:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Like I don't know how to say I want to do a Ime implementation on top of his work.
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> So I just pr'd into his repo and he doesn't even check his own repo
17:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> üôÉ
17:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> ~~We should come up a way to bait him into server codes~~
17:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but is he even interesting in designing a good polymorphic server impl?
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> rewritting isnt enough there
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> would the maintainers of vanilla even allow it?
17:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they still dont use STL which makes absolute no sense to me xD
17:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they seem to be a bit over conservative with their things
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @TsFreddie u are alot around in vanilla, is there some issue discussing such things?
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd really like to see an answer from the devs there xd
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> What the stl?
17:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> standard template library, but i also mean generally, what is allowed and what not
17:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Tbh idk
17:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i somewhere saw someone said vanilla is more open for mods now
17:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and dune seems to be, but if oy isnt that doesnt help
17:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Dune probably mentioned once that stl's naming scheme makes no sense.
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but if u arent grown up with teeworlds code like me, it makes things just harder
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oy is open to more cleanup
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If you can hide this change under the guise of cleanup it‚Äôd get in
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> But I feel like no stl does make everything more clear what it is doing.
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean they just reimplement STL
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so i dont see the point tbh xd
17:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Why? I think STL makes things easier to read
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but if i read list, i think of a STL list
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not a vector
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> std::swap is clearer than an ad-hoc implementation e.g.
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> or array
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> (And more efficient)
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think array was it in vanilla
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think of a static array
17:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not a vector
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> std::vector on almost any implementation of stl is better than what we have in teeworlds code
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> <algorithm> is prettier than what we have in base/tl too
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk:
17:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Idk
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I just work with what they've used before
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well i'd also replace the thread stuff with c++11
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ad-hoc implementations of hashmaps are also very meh in teeworlds, e.g. the bans and the serverlist
17:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah C++11 threading is well supported almost everywhere
17:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> android already uses clang 11, which support alot of c++20 stuff already
17:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and thats an embedded system üòÑ
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Wait teeworlds has hashmap?
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> (googles android ndk to be precise :D)
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> C++20 is sooo cute
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It has a couple of ad-hoc implementations
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Because it‚Äôs actually fairly involved to design a good generic hashmap
17:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk: if you just search stl in teeworlds discord, you just see dune
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> For me personally, as long as it works I'll use whatever. Not like you need to learn stl or anything if they switched.
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> To be honest with you system.c could probably be replaced by boost üòõ
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I don't like boost for some reason
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don‚Äôt really like boost tho, very bloated
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Maybe it is a ptsd thing
17:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Heard it‚Äôs much better nowadays
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> boost is really awesome
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Does boost do almost everything
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The entirety of fs_ functions can be replaced by the C++17 filesystem support
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but sadly annoying to get compile under windows
17:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Boost can probably cook you a dinner
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> That's my ptsd part I guess
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Boost is a heaaavy heavy abstraction
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Librime uses boost and I have no idea how to compile. Also downloading the library is like wtf it is so huge.
17:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> alot of c++ standardization is inspired by boost in fact
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> With c++ templates having shit compilation properties it‚Äôs one of the things that makes C++ programs compile sooo slow
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> As long as it is fast during runtime(
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Anyway, with C++20 we have a lot of standard stuff
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am missing sockets üòÑ
17:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> That replaces boost stuff
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> boost has async sockets
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don‚Äôt see sockets happening anytime soon
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well all async io
17:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think c++23 wants it, no?
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Have anyone actually tried to convince oy to use stl
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk:
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i cant even write to him xd
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Are you banned from irc or what
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not on the allow list probs
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> iirc sockets keep getting deferred since 11
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah its been a while true
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Can't you just use irc and talk in irc directly
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but tbh its mostly about making it easier to use, the c sockets are very similar under all OS
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Did anyone ever use std::async? Looks interesting but I never really looked into it
17:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @TsFreddie i dunno xd
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Window‚Äôs implementation of posix is hot garbage
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> not really, i used boost async io in the past
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> still better than using windows functions xD
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I‚Äôd honestly prefer winapi functions
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Me too
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> it always feels like winapi uses too long names to say something small
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> They have clearly defined behaviour most of the time
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh yep the massive names are a turn off
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> EnterCriticalSection_Ex
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> The doc is pretty clear tbh (at least for the Ime part)
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah but they also documents their posix stuff xD
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> GetDataFromTheFirstSocketInList(SOCKLIST **)
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Yeah but it‚Äôs riddled with unexpected behaviour
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Pretending things that are not files are files is very hard with the ntkernel
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Winapi's Hungarian notation is a bit extreme tho
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> that came unexpected xD
17:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Also the fact that they keep 16bit support around is annoying
17:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Gotta support some third country bank that uses dos software on windows 10
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, you need to use \\?\C:\\PATH
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> to get the path without its small path limit, which is quite annoying
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> or smth like that
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> cant remember
17:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> let me google
17:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/fileio/maximum-file-path-limitation
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> üôÉ
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Will wine someday be able to do everything windows related
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> except DRM stuff yes
17:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd say wine is already really good
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> What's stopping drm from working in wine
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> its hard to break it, so you need the orignal windows libs probably
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk:
17:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> especially new stuff
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I guess I never thought about how drm works
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i also dont directly know how it works
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Depends on how drm is done, some forms of it don‚Äôt really care about wine
18:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Like if it runs, the stuff must be unencrypted at some point in some where no?
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Nope, welcome to the world of modern drm
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :thonk: then wizardry it is
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> alot of stuff is unpacked and remove on fly
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> so only a part is always visible
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i even have a CDROM that is around 20 years old and still cant be broken üòÑ
18:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Denuvo does polymorphic code, not more than a couple instructions are ever decrypted and no piece of code shares encryption keys
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :tsf_huh:
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> So it tanks performance
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> VMProtect ‚Äúlifts‚Äù the assembly into a VERY obscure bytecode and Interprets that
18:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Both awful for performance yes
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ubisoft used both for a couple games
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Imagine how good triple A games would run without drm
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> games tend to go into a GPU bound anyway
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Now that I think about it, if cyberpunk2077 is so awful now, how awful would it be with drm lol
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> TRUE
18:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It just goes to show how much proprietary work rockstar games has on open worlds that their games run so smooth
18:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Even with maybe a hundred ai agents on the screen at the same time
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Btw, if you are interested in the drm stuff, I think heinrich once posted a blog post about devirtualizing this kind of code and it was a brilliant idea
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> the sad part about it, is that the games are then for 5‚Ç¨ in sale 2 years later
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> but still have this annoying DRM
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Writing the vm ‚Äúinstructions‚Äù in terms of c++ code and letting clang have at it to get the real assembly
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I like that some developers just remove it when the game gets cracked
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> Two point hospital got a day one patch of removing denuvo
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well i worked with a packer, it has broken at some point, but still unpacked some stuff, after a memory dump was taken
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> they often have more layers, e.g. encprytions are more aggressivly packed etc
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well i worked with a packer, it was broken at some point, but still unpacked some stuff, after a memory dump was taken
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I'll stick with high level development üòÉ
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i also wouldnt say that has something todo with development directly
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Reverse engineering is quite fun, I wish there was a career to be had in that field
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> u get good in reading assembler
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> well do bug finding xd
18:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :cirBlech:
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Your only options with that skillset is hunting bugs (not consistent income), do security analysis for companies (how many need this like 10 large corps?), work at an antivirus company
18:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :cirBlech: I have the exact skillset to stay at home
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> :realsmiley:
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> We keep inviting the same security analysis people repeatedly for different projects at our company, so it's not like a large company will just hire you once
18:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Oh and if you are one of the lucky 0.1% of security ppl you get to do very fun crowdfunded projects
18:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @deen what is ur working field? project manager? üòÑ
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ooh one more just came to mind, you could work at an intelligence agency. I think that would be your best bet to get work doing reverse engineering
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> compiler dev xd
18:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> @Jupstar ‚ú™ At DDNet or at work? üòÑ
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> at work ofc xD
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in ddnet u are project leader, babysitter for the community, even planner, and so on xd
18:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> in ddnet u are project leader, babysitter for the community, event planner, and so on xd
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> I'm the Quality guy, so writing tools to help developers & management, find bugs, use and extend automated tools. And then I often have to go through the output of the tools and fix things all over. But I also recently started mentoring students and new hires.
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> It amazes me how many thing deen does for DDNet while still having a day job to give energy to.
18:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Devops?
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @TsFreddie yes its crazy
18:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i like to think, in my brain, not outside of it xd
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <NeXus> Is there a way to open 2 ddnet clients on steam?
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think steam doesnt allow that generally
18:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <NeXus> Yeah I think so too
18:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <TsFreddie> I just think about making games during the day and get distracted by teeworlds for 10 hours.
18:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> So that's where I get some good ideas like using clang-tidy or thread safety analysis üòÑ
18:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> that doesnt explain ur unbroken motivation
18:44 <+ChillerDragon> @NeXus help me collect votes for the double dummy in ddnet client no need for 2 clients :)
18:44 <+ChillerDragon> 2 pairs of tees that can be toggled easily and even be on different servers :)
18:46 <+ChillerDragon> @Jupstar ‚ú™ i feel like a dayjob can boost motivation sometimes. Generally having something todo in life makes days longer even if you have less time. Its way harder to write some ddnet code in the free time if u spent the whole day watching netflix. Its easier if you survived a productive work day.
18:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dunno if its about that tbh, i feel like only thing that boost you is motivation, and that is created by thinking about something good, e.g. throughfully planning something üòÑ
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> atleast thats what i often do if im not really motivated, trying to completly implement it in my head so i know how to start üòÑ
18:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> and once u in, its easy to keep going
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <jao> most people want to chill after work
18:57 <+ChillerDragon> yea true
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> but i still claim in some situations it can boost
19:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> can be text scaled in settings( looks like font codebase is hardcoded... give me a hope :) )? i want to feel 0.5 font
19:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> c++20 is cool and all but it wont be used till 2025 or later
19:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ppl arent even using c++11
19:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :pepe_straight:
19:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> 11 is used enough
19:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> deen teacher üòÆ
19:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Teeworlds is the odd one out
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://thenextweb.com/google/2019/06/14/youtube-recommendations-toxic-algorithm-google-ai/
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > ‚ÄòYouTube recommendations are toxic,‚Äô says dev who worked on the algorithm
19:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
19:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > ‚ÄúIt isn‚Äôt inherently awful that YouTube uses AI to recommend video for you, because if the AI is well tuned it can help you get what you want. This would be amazing,‚Äù Chaslot told TNW. ‚ÄúBut the problem is that the AI isn‚Äôt built to help you get what you want ‚Äî it‚Äôs built to get you addicted to YouTube. Recommendations were designed to waste your time.‚Äù
19:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> just do it int the code
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @deen I think kicking problem applies to servers with lots of players, so maybe check for player amount on the server and ask for lower percentage for spec/kick votes?
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> the problem can also go in the other direction, where people get kicked too easily
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> we used to do exactly what you propose
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Bad
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> @gerdoe u can also increase the fontsize when the text cursor is created in text.cpp
19:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> @deen solution is probably not that easy, needed to pick right players who can vote for that particular ban...
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> Nearby players seems right way here...
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> i don't remember properly, but i had done it
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> But it's not really the solution
19:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar ‚ú™> mhh strange, i think all text uses these cursors
19:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> maybe, i don't remember properly, i had done it
19:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> good old fashioned solution is to block the blocker :p
19:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <–î—è–¥—è –ñ–µ–Ω—è> yes, but it was kinda hard
19:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> Have a globally distributed team of more moderators. That way there is a higher likelihood of someone being in-game to kick people when needed.
20:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <YupHio> More mods, more power, everyone kicking each other. What could go wrong?
20:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> "it‚Äôs built to get you addicted to YouTube. Recommendations were designed to waste your time" I completely agree
21:02 <+ChillerDragon> Recommendations were designed to optimize watchtime. Time waste might be a correlation or a possible side effect.
21:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Optimizing watchtime is the marketing friendly analogy for "getting people addicted"
