00:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Vy0x2> thanks
06:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Headshot> join `noby is the biggest troll 2 USA edition`
06:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Headshot> /pause
06:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Headshot> /multispec id1 id2 [id3 id4 etc...]
06:42 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Pathos> Oh I see -- just wondering if you can also host DM/CTF server like GER/USA/etc. :D
09:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> pm or send here
09:29 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> Sure, in all of those locations or just one?
09:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Pathos> Yes, all of them please! :D
10:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> done
10:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Pathos> Thaaanks
10:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> @á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti what distribution and version do you use?
11:00 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Im on Debian MX Linux why
11:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> Because it's fixed in Arch Linux: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/4748
11:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> Does Debian MX have versions?
11:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> and can you verify that it works with the current nightly build? https://ddnet.tw/news/nightly-build-revived/
11:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> I built that with the PR included to test
11:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Yeah it has but idk which exactly im usually up to date.
11:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> 
11:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Im currently at work, cant test it now :pepe:
11:04 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> ok
11:42 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Hi devs. Is there *a reason* why a number of features goes only to teeworlds and are not backported to DDNet?
11:42 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> I think I've already asked that about some PRs and now I'm about to backport the "map list for rcon" https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/1086 (I'll try to adopt the current version of the code, and https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3084 looks 'must have' to me).
11:44 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> the diff between ddnet and upstream teeworlds gets bigger
11:44 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> Also its not always very motivating to do the same pr twice
11:45 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> It's already big enough lol
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i havent looked at the teeworlds github since years xd
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> > Also its not always very motivating to do the same pr twice
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> ... making the situation even worse / increasing the diff even more.
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> whats wrong with increasing the diff
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> but that's still mostly teeworlds fault
11:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ddnet is completly different
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> (obviously) The bigger diff makes it harder to backport fixes and features from `teeworlds`.
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> 
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> And what DDNet losing in this case is... the said PR content! E.g. the referenced autocomplete for map-related commands in RCON.
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> see the opposite
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> same
11:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> teeworlds won't accept most stuff ddnet implemented(not even ddrace wise)
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> they won't accept vulkan backend(or higher opengl)
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> they won't accept newer c++ versions
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> 
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> list is long
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> but you get the point
11:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont see much worth with losing a maplist rcon command
11:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> I would be fine if DDNet would super-seed the features, but in fact my question is "why DDNet devs contribute improvements and new nice features to teeworlds but do not contribute them to DDNet?"
11:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i dont see many devs contributing to tw
11:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> only robyt
11:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> biggest changes lately were probs robyte cleaning up stuff
11:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> and tsfreddie with his text improvements
11:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> teeworlds for me its in maintenance mode, nothing new to add
11:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Robyt3 contributes to both (which is fine to me, I think Robyt3 knows what he is doing).
11:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ddnet looks like still wants to add new stuff etc
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> idk why we should follow a legacy game
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> ddnet has
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> skin downloader
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> ffmpeg
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> higher opengl
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> network extensions
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> 
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> so much stuff
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> http map download
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> but this is his choice, i for example would not contribute to teeworlds
11:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> a way better chat text
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> https master
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> We (as DDNet contributors) don't need to follow that legacy game. But it makes no sense that we don't have all those (real) improvements.
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> have u looked how horrible the chat looks in 0.7? xd
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> not as long as it stays with c++98 and doesn't allow so much stuff
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> @Ryozuki broadcast is more horrible
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> only color is cool and could be added to ddnet
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> but how is that ddnet's fault
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> 
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> every contribution is welcome, somebody just has todo it
11:53 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> true
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and they probs wont take 4 years to get merged
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ðŸ˜‰
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> xd
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> :sueur:
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> my pr on tw is still open
11:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/945272358636240976/unknown.png
11:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> 0.7 will be released in 2015
11:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> \*3 years later*
11:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> It is not 'DDNet project' fault but it is does not seem reasonable that DDNet contributors found time to improve `teeworlds` but have not found time to bring the same diff to DDNet. At the same time, you're insisting that "hey it is easier to get changes into DDNet".
11:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> "DDNet contributors found time to improve teeworlds"
11:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its robyt alone this
11:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> just ask him
11:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> it already seems he is porting stuff
11:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> he just takes his time
11:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> At this time I'm particularly about https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/1086.
11:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> At the previous time I was about https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/2066
11:58 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> At this time I'm particularly about https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/1086 (map list for rcon).
11:58 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> At the previous time I was about https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/2066 (players data passing between map reloads)
11:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i guess we foudn no need for it
12:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> As I said, I have to questions to Robyt.
12:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Or maybe like: @Robyt3, are you going to also port the map list to DDNet? I think I can do it after your https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3084 merged.
12:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Or maybe like: @Robyt3, are you going to also port the map list to DDNet? I think I can do it after your https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3084 (further improvement to the map listing) merged.
12:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> the funny thing is, that its not even merged on teeworlds side yet xD
12:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Not Keks> so there technically is no diff between ddnet and tw in that regard yet
12:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> No. The PR from @Learath2 about the map list was merged back in 2019 (https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/commit/bc38f677506bb0244e4c3f986332f9bb72a8c4b9).
12:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> There are only small improvements from Robyt (reasonably pending to the tw first).
12:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Learath2> This specific PR was actually from like 10 years back. It might even be that ddnet wasnt a thing yet. The reason I didn't contribute it back to ddrace was that I was actually quite down that cinaera had to fix it up.
12:09 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Learath2> I just wasnt a good enough coder back then to actually do that PR, I was very much over reaching beyond my capabilities :D
13:23 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Robyt3> You can port it if you want, it's not on my todo list. I agree this is a useful feature, especially with https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3041 (Render console map completion options like commands).
13:25 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> >  it's not on my todo list
13:25 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Ok, I'll keep in my TODO list then :).
13:27 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> >  it's not on my todo list
13:27 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Kaffeine> Ok, I'll keep in my TODO list then :). Thanks for linking PR3084.
14:04 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Learath2> Actually I'm not sure how well it'd work with the hundreds of maps official ddnet servers have ðŸ˜„
14:22 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> thousands
15:35 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> why is YADDB's name YADDB ðŸ¤”
15:36 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> Yet Another DDNet Bot
15:37 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> what does he do?
15:38 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> yast moment ðŸ˜¦
15:45 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> should make a community vote to choose the bot name ðŸ˜„
15:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> I expect some player name to have a good number of votes ðŸ˜„
15:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> should make a community vote to choose the bot name
15:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Learath2> Internal stuff. I hope to have it take over the other bot completely one day
15:46 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Learath2> For now it only took over some ban stuff
15:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> don't ban me ðŸ¥´
15:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> i like this name, nothing wrong with it
15:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <RadziSzop> maybe beside that it gives me some linux vibes...
15:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> change typo to errornouis !
16:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> using js after using rust a lot feels dirty
16:33 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/342454474117218334/945337920464760852
16:33 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i think we should show time in hours
16:33 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> more usefull
17:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammerHumor/comments/sxpgyk/saw_this_gem_of_a_post_on_linkedin_thought_i/
17:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> Original link to paper: https://greenlab.di.uminho.pt/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/sleFinal.pdf
17:09 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Chairn> C best green language :D, Rust rank 2nd
17:47 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ah ye i saw this on hn
17:47 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/945361179621093476/unknown.png
17:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> > You code in python because it has a user-friendly syntax. I code in python to destroy the planet. We are not the same.
17:49 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xdd
17:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> for those wondering like me: they used the programs from the computer language benchmark game
17:50 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> https://github.com/greensoftwarelab/Energy-Languages
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti can you post the contents of /etc/os-release?
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> $ cat /etc/os-release
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> NAME="Arch Linux"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> PRETTY_NAME="Arch Linux"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ID=arch
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> BUILD_ID=rolling
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ANSI_COLOR="38;2;23;147;209"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> HOME_URL="https://archlinux.org/"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> DOCUMENTATION_URL="https://wiki.archlinux.org/"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> SUPPORT_URL="https://bbs.archlinux.org/"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.archlinux.org/"
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> LOGO=archlinux-logo
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> ```
17:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> looks like this for me
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> rip PIE
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> didnt last long
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> F
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti ur fault
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> use a modern linux
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> nobo
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Im on an anti covid protest rn :monkaS:
17:55 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkaS:
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I'm also against covid ðŸ˜‰
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> good one
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :monkalaugh:
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Restrictions*
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti anyway, can you post it once you get back?
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> How
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> "cat /etc/os-release"
17:56 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> open /etc/os-release in a text editor and paste it here, or run `cat /etc/os-release` in a terminal
17:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Ofc
17:57 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> Its :troll:
17:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> @heinrich5991 it is more a threat to servers than clients right?
17:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> and i guess ddnet servers are compiled with pie
17:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> threat to both
17:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, it's also a threat to clients
17:59 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> can u tell me how would u attack a player?
18:00 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> abuse a buffer overflow in the client, cause different code to be called, gain arbitrary code execution in the client
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the xfce issue is open since 4 years
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> xD
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it's probably fixed in libmagic or so
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> not thunar
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Robyt3> you can read about what mmmds did with teeworlds: https://mmmds.pl/fuzzing-map-parser-part-1-teeworlds/
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> oh nice
18:01 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ill save it
18:02 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> ill add it to the wiki too
18:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Ryozuki don't know if it's in scope for the wiki, but it'd be nice if you could archive the linked blog posts for the wiki, so they don't go away once the author stops finding them interesting
18:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/945365224544927824/unknown.png
18:03 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> well i think its fine to have them
18:04 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> hm yeah maybe
18:04 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> im 2 lazy to do that
18:04 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> if u want u can do it xD
18:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> Archive would just mean archiving it in archive.org and linking to that?
18:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> can't mediawiki automate that maybe?
18:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:LinkToArchive
18:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> looks like its not maintained
18:08 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> maybe there is an alternative
18:09 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> <https://github.com/appropediafoundation/fixDeadLinks>
18:10 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> i could use this script from time to time i guess
18:10 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> its better to use live links than archive
18:10 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> since they load rly slow
18:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <perrodecerro> :feelsamazingman:
18:54 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <louis> :O
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> @heinrich5991
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> $ cat /etc/os-release 
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> PRETTY_NAME="Debian GNU/Linux 10 (buster)"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> NAME="Debian GNU/Linux"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> VERSION_ID="10"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> VERSION="10 (buster)"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> VERSION_CODENAME=buster
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> ID=debian
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> HOME_URL="https://www.debian.org/"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> SUPPORT_URL="https://www.debian.org/support"
19:24 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> BUG_REPORT_URL="https://bugs.debian.org/"
19:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> Interesting:
19:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> https://stackoverflow.com/search?tab=newest&q=Ddnet
19:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> 
19:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> https://stackoverflow.com/search?tab=newest&q=Teeworlds
20:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> Why not add Tutorial button on main interface? 
20:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> Starting local unregistered server and tutorial map.
20:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> At the end send message  and self close local server,  to return to main page.
20:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> It would be nice to have a bot that show you how to do part and it says "follow me".
20:07 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> It would rock!
20:13 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> @Wohoo deen is already developing it: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/4747
20:14 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> chillerdragon: @ReiTW would like to contact you
20:14 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> ha
20:17 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> can just maybe attempt to irc too & pm him
20:17 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I think you need to join matrix to contact him
20:27 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <murpi> LOL
20:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> Where i can find code of
20:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> https://ddnet.tw/mappreview/
20:48 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> ?
20:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <murpi> Somewhere in here I think, https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2
20:51 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> no, not in there
20:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> I clicked on a random script and searched for a variable name on github: https://github.com/search?q=itemTypesStart&type=code
20:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> it finds the repo
20:52 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (you need to be logged into github though)
21:21 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> This is the code of viewer?
21:21 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> if you click on the link and are logged into github, then yes, you'll see the github repository of the viewer
21:33 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> Thank you, i can see two repositories
21:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> when I do click on this link I only get a blank page
21:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <ReiTW> ah cuz no map selected, nvm
21:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> ðŸ¤£
21:40 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> https://ddnet.tw/mappreview/?map=Freezeless
21:42 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Wohoo> I would add a button to toggle quads/entities
22:05 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <á¶°Â°KonÍ§sti> When DDNet 16
22:29 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <deen> when itâ€˜s done. will have much higher fps and tutorial
22:34 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Patiga> @Voxel awesome that you recreated so many mapres!
22:35 <+bridge_> [ddnet] <Voxel> thanks! ^_^
