00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ar1gin> Interesting information.
01:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Alexander> Practice mode really needs kill tiles to act as /r and on dummy maps make dummy's /r not teleport it to the start of the map
02:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> you can teleport dummy with /tp but you need to switch to it and spec
04:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Weird idea relating to the replacement of image icons, but what if we created an enum storing every icon's code? So that it's easier to manage?
04:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Weird idea relating to the replacement of image icons, but what if we created an enum storing every icon's utf-8 code? So that it's easier to manage?
04:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> a comment above hex code could do it as well
04:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> enum would need to take care of endianness i think
04:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> as the integer value is then converted into char string
04:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> One more question, since I seem to be going to the right place; is there any detector for if a file is `../`, much like `Item.m_IsDir`?
05:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> you mean relative path?
05:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Yea
05:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Sorry, I'm new to coding terms ðŸ˜…
05:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> apparently no, i couldn't find anything like that with a quick grep
05:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> That's unfortunate.
05:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> there is IStorage::GetCompletePath to get the path if that's what you need
05:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> I want there to be an icon for when you want to go back to a parent directory.
06:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Hm. I want to make it so that there are different icons for different types of files, but I'm not sure how to do so efficiently. This is the last thing I have to do before an attempt to clean-up some areas of code.
06:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010035391518228550/unknown.png
06:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> `const char* pIconType`
06:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> replace `'` with `"`
06:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> you could have a global function to have the switch encapsulated and used in differnet places in the code
06:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> i think of menus, demos, browser, etc.
06:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> Is heinrich in vacation? Haven't seen him for at least a good week now
06:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> I know *that* far.
06:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Maybe, but I would have to search on where they could possibly be in the code.
06:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> One last thing- is this allowed? Setting the default to null?
06:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010049384903356476/unknown.png
06:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> One last thing- is this allowed? Setting the default to null? I believe it never gets accessed anyways.
06:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010049384903356476/unknown.png
07:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> nevermind, that's a terrible idea ðŸ˜‚
07:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> well, it will most likely crash as printing the character needs to dereference the pointer
07:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> better to assign it the empty string `""`
07:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> and also, please use nullptr instead of NULL
07:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> I just assigned it with a copy of the file icon
07:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> I uploaded this update. I hope everything worked out just fine with this.
07:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> I uploaded this update. I hope everything worked out just fine with it.
07:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> looks correct, i'll test it this weekend
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> This whole thing feels ironic now, since I'm now noticing the size different.
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Is updating the icons pack truly worth the size boost?
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010056054366810183/unknown.png
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> This whole thing feels ironic now, since I'm now noticing the size difference.
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Is updating the icons pack truly worth the size boost?
07:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010056054366810183/unknown.png
07:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> aren't there already symbols in the font we ship?
07:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> this is what we have in Icons.otf
07:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010058945148239944/message.txt
07:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> a lot of symbol don't show properly on my poor pc ðŸ˜¢
07:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> command used:
07:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> `ttfdump -t cmap -i data/fonts/Icons.otf | perl -CS -ne 'print chr(hex($1)) if /Char (0x[[:xdigit:]]+)/ and hex($1) != 0xffff; END {print "\n"}'`
07:35 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> Yeah same. I guess it's just updating the looks of them, which for some reason adds 5 KBs. If everyone agrees it should revert to its older version to save space, then that's possible.
11:59 <+ChillerDragon> btw @heinrich5991 eventho i already had a extensive debug printer for network stuff I did use ur dissector on almost a daily basis for a week now thanks a lot for building it! I slowly make progress on a ddnet bridge client. On the left side you can see a vanilla client on 0.7 and on the right ddnet client on a 0.7 server https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1660902889.png
12:11 <+ChillerDragon> also @Learath2 you protcol glu and other things are really cool probs also shoutout to timakro who kinda started the whole movement :D 
12:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Timakro is the one who made the network level part everyone uses, so I guess it's technically his feat
12:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> shoutout to timakro
14:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> 5 KB is fine, use what looks better
16:45 < Konsti> i just connected to "localhosdt" and it worked :monkaS:
16:45 < Konsti> how
16:46 < Konsti> ok i see it works with any ammount of random signs as long the letters of localhost are written
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> lmao
16:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <k2d222> what
16:47 < Konsti> me dumb
16:47 < Konsti> u get connected  to localhost if u type invalid ID in the field :justatest:
16:47 < Konsti> or keep it clear
16:47 < Konsti> wtf
16:47 < Konsti> i always typed localhost
16:47 < Konsti> REEEEE
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <chillerdragon> I think typing localhost can be faster
17:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <chillerdragon> Depends on your typing speed
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> chillerdragon: btw ddos prot got a lil update
17:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> the unknown attacker is now not getting through anymore xaxa
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <chillerdragon> Poggers
17:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <chillerdragon> My internet still broke so I lag either way \:( send better internet
17:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> https://www.telekom.de/netz/glasfaser
18:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> Please send a template to make your own skin
18:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bencie> https://skins.tw/gridTemplates
18:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> thx
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ReiTW> U broke the matrix
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> Hey, im having some problems with a java task with creating a relative path... this is the original path. Any solutions? I tried googling and replacing it with "../../../test/etc..." doesnt work ðŸ˜¦
20:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010254322606551161/unknown.png
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> I also tried this after adding registry.data in the same folder i have the opened class in, but that doesnt help either
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010254576248684615/unknown.png
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> Hey, im having some problems with a java task with creating a relative path... this is the absolute path. Any solutions? I tried googling and replacing it with "../../../test/etc..." doesnt work ðŸ˜¦
20:31 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Saiborg> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010254322606551161/unknown.png
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> why my bind doesn't work to show all the skins in the game??
20:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1010256901059137567/unknown.png
20:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cipy29> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/4790
20:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cipy29> @Ceeper
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cipy29> Nvm
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cipy29> Read it wrong
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bencie> Make sure download skins is enabled, then go to settings-> tee -> refresh button
20:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cipy29> Read binds instead of skins :justatest:
20:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> how to check download is enabled?
20:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ceeper> .
20:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bencie> Settings, tee, check the download skins check box
21:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <bencie> And uncheck community skins
21:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ReiTW> https://twitter.com/KrauseFx/status/1560370732705742848?t=zM3UJop3tEJfczZBiIJPHg&s=19
21:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ReiTW> @Ryozuki
21:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> lmao
21:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <k2d222> ah yes, that thing -- still not fixed, webview does not properly implement CORS
21:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <k2d222> it's been abused that way for, well, since it existed
22:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Cellegen | RiH> :pepedead:
23:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I think I'll make an account system with something akin to the Kerberos scheme
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The idea in #3411 is nice and all but it's just sounds too wonky. People just expect a username and a password
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3411
23:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> s\/it's/it/
23:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Or I could try to make the idea in #3411 but over an insecure network
23:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3411
23:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> what is the kerberos scheme
23:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> You authenticate against a central server which gives you a ticket to prove who you are. You submit the ticket to the servers you connect to and they can check with the central server that the ticket is valid
23:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I guess what I described is way too simplified to even be Kerberos anymore, maybe more akin to OAuth
23:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> is it username/password only or is there email and/or steam connections as well
23:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Email should be easy enough to add in, steam might require a bit of thinking, but should be possible aswell
23:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> also what are some planned/possible features for accounts other than security purposes
23:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> are devs open to have more customization/profile features
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Possible features include, settings synced across devices
23:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Idk what you could get in terms of customization/profile honestly.
23:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> maybe actual friends lists
23:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Hm, like with friend requests?
23:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> and like profile pages on ddnet.tw or smth
23:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Account system? :0
23:40 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We already have profile pages on ddnet.tw, we would probably have similar profile pages for accounts instead of player names
23:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> yeah, hard to differentiate between accounts and names though
23:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> is there any plan also to have "verified" names
23:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> so its harder to fake (i.e. if you are on the linked account you will have a check  next to your name or smth)
23:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I think pretty much the only possible way to name accounts is the way every modern service is doing it. Like `louis#2121`
23:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Implementing accounts shouldn't be too hard. Right?
23:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> You can check the issue I linked above to see all the discussion about it ðŸ˜„
23:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i mean that or just unique alphanumeric is what i see in all account systems nowadays
23:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The fact that we wanted something non-central is making it pretty annoying
23:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Unique alphanumeric would be a huge issue here. Konsti would rush to take everyones names the second we release the feature
23:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> good point
23:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> So the only acceptable solution is `name#uid`
23:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i was thinking u could make it harder to fake admins/mods with accounts too by linking certain names to an account
23:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> either by only allowing 1 account to use it or making it so when that 1 account is using it, theres some sort of 'this guy is legit' marker
23:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Sadly ranks have always been the contentious point in this discussion. People just won't let me archive the leaderboard, so we'd need some weird way to display old not-associated to accounts alongside new ranks associated to accounts
23:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i would suggest just a [âœ“] symbol or different colored name in /top5
23:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Admins and mods are easy, we can just give them a colored name or an icon. Other people I don't think we want to "verify", it'd be so much burden to the staff
23:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> youtuber role when ðŸ¥º ðŸ¥º
23:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> but yea it wouldnt work for normal players
23:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> not everyone uses discord etc, imagine verifying chinese players
23:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> It'd just be an insane amount of work, everyone asking for the cool checkmark
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Spooky> i need verified mark :peepoRiot:
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> See, 1st customer
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Me too
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> I am a very active player
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Pls verify me
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Nouaa> :monkalaugh:
23:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Nouaa> it began
23:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> I am the nr 1 fan of this game
23:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Anyway, so no verified ranks
23:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We can't even migrate the old leaderboard to be honest. If someone wants to get their rank on a map verified they'd need to play it again
23:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> How are we supposed to migrate millions of ranks by thousands of players?
23:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Only new ranks would be verified and have a âœ“ in /top5
23:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Well, archived leaderboard isn't really any different from not archived leaderboard
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> If people would allow me to archive it I'd just move it completely out of /top5. You'd only see it in the website or maybe a new command /legacy_top5
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> i mean honestly idk if u need verified stuff on normal maps
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> maybe if season maps or smth of the sort comes to life
23:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> or tournaments and events
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> (which they rarely happen anyways tho)
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Anyway, bigger issue is making the thing...
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I would give it some time but as heinrich proposed it, it's a massive undertaking
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Btw would be great if ot was possible to login through steam
23:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Safer
23:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> And more convenient
23:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Replacing the entire protocol with QUIC would be so hard
23:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> This should definitely be possible in whatever scheme we decide on
23:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Some people just might not trust a game made by underpaid devs
23:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> ;)
23:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well you wouldn't really have to trust us with anything except your email
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> wdym underpaid
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> they do be not paid at all
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> 0$ is way under the industry average ðŸ˜„
23:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> so wait can anyone tldr me
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> is verified rankings happening soon???
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> or at least planning
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Soon isn't something I can promise you ðŸ˜„
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> something abt protocol
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Maybe in like 4 years lol
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> But it definitely is planned
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i meant more like additional planning
23:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I just need to somehow chop heinrichs proposal into do-able chunks
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I don't have the time to replace UDP with QUIC and implement accounts
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> I will try to hack the database ðŸ‘¿
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> ðŸ˜ˆ
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> The database would be public in the design we came up with
23:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> That's the beauty of decentralized accountgs
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> s\/g//
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <pilonpl> Um, what?
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> would QUIC also affect our ability to withstand attacks
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Doubtful, it should perform as good or worse
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i see
23:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> a little worse
