00:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> oh so this doesn't apply to me, cool
00:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987117140194783312/unknown.png
00:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i already fixed all of the "he/him/his" in the codebase kek
00:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> last things is the announcements.txt
00:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> bop
00:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> this does not even affect compilation it's just comments
00:29 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> girls dont exist
00:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Voxel> :wtf:
00:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <hus3h> this should be the file https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-scripts/blob/master/servers/announcement.txt
00:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ah got it
00:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> well im busy now but maybe i get to this at some point xd
00:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> thank you
00:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> nvm ill just do it
00:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> can i also fix grammar?
00:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> there are some mistakes
00:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ...blocking players. And only some of them do it on purpose. this is a fragment
00:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> should be
00:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ...blocking players, and only some of them do it on purpose
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <deen> yes
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> perfect thank you
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ```
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out the DDNet Wiki by Patiga & Zwelf on wiki.ddnet.tw
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out DDNet's Discord server on ddnet.tw/discord
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out DDNet's TeamSpeak server hosted by laxa on ts.ddnet.tw```
00:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> recommend making these uniform
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ```
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out the DDNet Wiki by Patiga & Zwelf on wiki.ddnet.tw
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out the DDNet Discord server on ddnet.tw/discord
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> Check out the DDNet TeamSpeak server hosted by laxa on ts.ddnet.tw```
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> unnecessary change though
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> "Join our community and register on forum.ddnet.tw" should probably be revised. we are not actively talking here so it seems wrong to say "join our community":
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> "Join our community and register on forum.ddnet.tw" should probably be revised. we are not actively talking here so it seems wrong to say "join our community""
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> "Join our community and register on forum.ddnet.tw" should probably be revised. we are not actively talking here so it seems wrong to say "join our community"
00:45 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> or we can remove this announcement
00:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i thought /rankteam was a typo, had no idea
00:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i thought /rankteam was a typo, had no idea it works
00:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> dont people normally say /teamrank ?
00:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> this could be revised as well, a bit dated: "Mappers looking to map using our new features can get our server and client on our website: ddnet.tw
00:47 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> this could be revised as well, a bit dated: "Mappers looking to map using our new features can get our server and client on our website: ddnet.tw"
00:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> ...giving you access to /r and /tp to easily traverse the map... should we point out /tp works based on spec?
00:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> i suppose it's intuitive but maybe not something a newer player realizes
00:49 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> "Keep up to date with new map releases on ddnet.tw/releases" maybe also mention the channel on Discord
00:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> done
01:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> make some new announcements
01:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> would be nice if some announcements were more heavily weighed on novice servers kek
01:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <louis> like the /practice, wiki links, etc
03:41 <+bridge> [ddnet] <lynn> agreed
04:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> `sv_register ipv4`
04:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> the first time, it was DoSed, the other three times it was down due to a network misconfiguration that @Learath2 now tracked down. so hopefully it won't go down again(?)
04:39 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> (I'm away for the weekend, can't set up a second master, and a proper second master needs code anyway)
05:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> dang, updated firefox, and now it crashes 100% on some page... and im using release canal...
05:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> ironically, it crashes on mozilla.org mostly üòÑ
10:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> The PR already includes a freeze animation
10:12 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> I do not want to re add stars in 16.2... If it is not accepted by the comunity that should be done in 16.3
10:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> no, normal skins have  ~32units width and height but can get up to 64 units
10:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> it is still posible
10:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> You could implement a colorblind option that forbids some not distinguishable colors from rendering
10:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> dude it is still there... why do you not test the PR in first place before you complain
10:22 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> The PR already includes a freeze animation (but only particles, we have decided to only do a small step first ^^ next step would be to come up with a better solution then ninja skin)
10:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <heinrich5991> they can go up to whatever, even üòâ
10:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> No, the max size is 64
10:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> only if you activate fat skin, but then we would scale extras too
10:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> No, the max size is 64 units
10:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987276999917719612/unknown.png
10:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> left is max skin; right is normal
10:50 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> oh thank you ‚ù§Ô∏è
10:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> what's the purpose of this?
10:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> of what?
10:51 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> fat skins
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> fat skins != max size skins
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> fat skins are for fun
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> so only visuals?
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> max size can be used to get creative
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> so sticking a huge antenna out of my skin for example?
10:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> but there are not much skins that used all the space usefull
10:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> because the hitbox is only 28 radius
10:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> it is also bad to play with skins that have 64 units
10:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> jup
10:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> The translation branch is for a not yet merged controller branch, is it? I want to check something in the code (or in the client directly) where the translation might be wrong
10:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> what are you looking for?
10:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> "custom" is tranlated with "eigene"
10:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> and directly in front is "default" translated with "Standard", this seems wrong
10:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> from first glance I am sure they have a similar usecase, and that custom might be "Benutzerdefiniert"
10:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> I do not see these translations. But maybe "Benutzerdefiniert" was to long... because we do not scale all lables
10:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/5439/files#diff-b53c52bf63f33dd02c2ce7331ec7f87d6f07ee4394e81a2af3c97579bba2914dL1344
10:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> can't get the permalink out of it oO wait a sec
10:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> the antanna can not be to huge, as you can see in my screenshot xD
11:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> I'll make my sattelite dish fit! :3
11:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/41d364e0885b528ac1a4a88a25dd2a6b5253e8da/data/languages/german.txt#L1344
11:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/41d364e0885b528ac1a4a88a25dd2a6b5253e8da/data/languages/german.txt#L1344>
11:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> new is it not https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/b0bd09683302ae15094a1ee43a6f9c2176405bc2
11:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> it is used for the vulkan backend in the settings
11:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987281706669199400/unknown.png
11:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> I consider 3 month older pretty new in teeworlds history context
11:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> oh no, I'd need to start the client and look where it's used
11:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987282135062827008/unknown.png
11:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> Looks like a custom user defined backend or something
11:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> should be somewhere there
11:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> Ah I see, so something like Vulkan (1.0.0) - custom
11:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> no
11:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> custom would be before that
11:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> hmm
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> I think "eigener" would fit in the context of Renderer
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> There a multiple values, so it might be plural
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987282924141424690/unknown.png
11:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Robyt3> "benutzerdefiniert"
11:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> no they are above... I think the "custom" one is one that you define why f1 configs
11:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> no they are above... I think the "custom" one is one that you define via f1 configs
11:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> I wonder if a person will ever run into this
11:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> maybe if you do it like the pined message in #bugs
11:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> wow, ddnet really has a lot of options, this is great üòÆ
11:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> ddnet has that beatiful mix function which is linear, does it have a sigmoid version of this, too? I know it's used in the editor but I don't know if it's easily accessible
11:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> I do not know, but I also thought about a nice sigmoid function for particle effects in the future.
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> can you elaborate, what would you sigmoid-ify on particles?
11:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> maybe the editor uses game/bezier.cpp  instead of sigmoid... did not have a look at it
11:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> you are probably right
11:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> can't find any sigmoid, thanh or arctan function
11:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> can't find any sigmoid, tanh or arctan function
11:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> transition of size and alpha. But I guess linear is good enough.
11:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> meh guess you are right
11:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> seems like bezier is only used for the camera
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> it uses CURVETYPE_SMOOTH, but I don't get the code
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> uses second hermite basis
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> @Learath2 any hope for this?
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> src/game/client/render_map.cpp#L17-L82
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> `a = -2 * a * a * a + 3 * a * a; // second hermite basis`
12:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <AssassinTee> y
12:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Well fhe server side demo recorder is a bit broken, so it might take significant effort
12:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> just a page where we can upload personnal demos?
12:03 < spirit> Hi
12:03 <+spirit> Hi
12:03 <+spirit> I've changed ISP and now when I connect to kog servers i am auto banned for using vpn (i'm not).
12:03 <+spirit> How can I unblock my network? :(
12:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> You'll need to ask inside the KoG discord
12:04 <+spirit> I've tried :(
12:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> https://discord.gg/stbPyR2F
12:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> kOg != ddnet
12:05 <+spirit> oh, right. well i've got here from kog site ... so I thought it's kog. sorry. I'll try again. Thanks! <3
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <c0d3d3v> are you from Russia?
12:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> so like player-submitted demos, check the time to verify if it matches the player's official time and voila
12:05 <+spirit> no
12:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> avoids the shitshow from people who dont want to share strats because they decide if they want to share them
12:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> @Learath2 what do you think abt it?
12:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'm pretty sure we have consensus that we want all demos public, a couple dissenters won't really change that
12:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'm not against it, but I don't think I'll be the one to make it
12:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <M Emile> if its not too much work to make, just a page to submit them should be good enough for it. Otherwise waiting to have server demos will take ages
13:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> `cl_skin_download_url https://api.skins.tw/api/resolve/skins/`
13:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> `cl_download_skins 1`
13:44 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> cant you just do that?
13:52 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> not rly, especially new players has no clue there is some skins.tw
13:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> i mean sure, i guess. but the functionality is already there
13:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> with that command I cant use ddnet database anymore
13:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> unless this does something else, im just going off of the description
13:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> oh really?
13:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ye you can choose ddnet or skins.tw, with that PR both should work at same time
13:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ye you can choose ddnet or skins.tw, with that PR both works at same time
13:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Broso56> ah
13:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Mh, not a huge fan of including a service we have no control over
14:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è its off by default and can possibly put some warning message ü§î
14:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> or make your community db then open so everyone can upload skins freely without restrictions like on skins.tw üòÑ
14:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> No restrictions = swastikatee
14:00 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> No thank you
14:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> find me swastikatee on skins.tw btw
14:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Community db has little to no restrictions, dont put your name on it, dont put hatespeech on it
14:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Could it perhaps be that, they have restrictions I wonder
14:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ye I guess still its much more friendly service then yours community so I tried.. I let decision on u üôÇ
14:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> ye I guess still its much more friendly service then yours community one so I tried.. I let decision on u üôÇ
14:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> They have an upload button and postmoderate, we have a discord channel and premoderate. Not very different imo. Anyway I might be okay with your PR if we put a warning sign saying it's third party
14:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> will look on way how to add it
14:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> We already have to deal with people thinking we moderate kog and even without a button in the client some people already think we moderate skins.tw too
14:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Axaris> @Learath2 is just text change "Download skins.tw skins" -> "Skins.tw skins (3rd party)" ok?
14:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> No, I could not.
14:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> And sad that u got so mad but k
14:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Sure, if it fits there
14:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Hm, you could probably do this even in a shader
14:23 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Not me tho
14:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> Ok
14:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> I dont know what colors are hard to differentiate for others, since my colorblindness is quite high while I still can see colors
14:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Its not as easy as you think xd
14:26 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> Most of the time there are even different modes in the settings for color blind people
14:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> But I have actually never used them
14:30 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Learath2> I'd think colorblindness is fairly documented now and the filters other games use mostly known
14:32 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> yes
16:33 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> what's the new config dir for linux and macos called?
16:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> path*
16:34 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Chairn> ~/local/share/ddnet i think?
16:36 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> ah, .local
16:37 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> hm on macos it's still the same I guess
16:38 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> ah no, the path is still the same, just the directory was renamed to DDNet like on windows
16:42 <+bridge> [ddnet] <murpi> ah no, the path is still the same, just the directory was renamed to DDNet similar to windows
18:27 <+bridge> [ddnet] <kaic> Hello
18:28 <+bridge> [ddnet] <kaic> my name is kaic, i am a brazilian c++ programmer and i wanted to participate in the development
18:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> ddnet is open source, you can participate whenever you want
18:43 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> i know, i could find this out on github somehow, but when does the master get released?
18:53 <+ChillerDragon> a good first task would be updating the client to the 0.7 protocol
18:53 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> _ üòÖ
18:53 <+ChillerDragon> hrhrhr
18:54 <+ChillerDragon> in a few days @cauldron  https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/5416
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> but, which master is it? i guess not the one with my pr üòÇ
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> but an earlier state of it
18:54 <+ChillerDragon> there is only 1 master
18:54 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> but different states
18:55 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> okay i guess the newest master gets released
18:55 <+ChillerDragon> i assume this pr would be merged and then it takes the current state at merge
18:56 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> also i can find this out on teeworlds.com i guess, but what was the intention with 0.7?
18:56 <+ChillerDragon> wdym by intention
18:57 <+ChillerDragon> you mean why break the protocol?
18:57 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> it has breaking changes as i understand, so why change something? what does it better, what got changed
18:57 <+ChillerDragon> i think there a few things that piled up over the years that would break the protocol so they got put into one major release
18:57 <+ChillerDragon> you can not rename in game anymore
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> some security token thingies (but ddnet also manged to get those into 0.6)
18:58 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> okay i check out changelog on teeworlds.com
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> colored broadcast 
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> new skin system
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> ready state that can be sent from client
18:58 <+ChillerDragon> the server sends info on who is spectating you
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> but isn't there a network protocol thing so you can't connect to servers vice versa?
18:59 <+ChillerDragon> some refactor of what is in the snap and what isnt
18:59 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> 0.6 client -> 0.7 server and vice versa
18:59 <+ChillerDragon> well as i said there are some tokens now and those are required and a vanilla 0.6 cleint does not have those
19:00 <+ChillerDragon> i think also the flags got removed
19:00 <+ChillerDragon> the playerflags
19:00 <+ChillerDragon> iirc
19:00 <+ChillerDragon> or something changed about them
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/blob/26d24ec061d44e6084b2d77a9b8a0a48e354eba6/datasrc/network.py#L9
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> ah they still there
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> but they changed
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> you can also see who is dead/bot/admin now
19:01 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> so you want ddnet 0.7?
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> yes
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> so we can all play together
19:01 <+ChillerDragon> would be especially nice to join vanilla ctf games with ddnet client agian
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> we can all play together on compability broken ddnet network implementation
19:02 <+ChillerDragon> no
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> that isnt bloated and adds good stuff like encryption
19:02 <+ChillerDragon> pro vanilla players dont join 0.6 anymore
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> pro vanilla players
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> u mean 2 players
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> hahahahahaha
19:02 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> that nobody cares about xD
19:02 <+ChillerDragon> like 10+ but yea
19:02 <+ChillerDragon> i do
19:03 <+ChillerDragon> also all new players that found teeworlds before ddnet
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> ddnet holds back by having vanilla compability
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> vanilla holds back bcs no maintainers welcome
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> nice
19:03 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> deadlock
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> another question..
19:04 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> i forgot it üòÖ
19:05 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> we still can use tsfreddies pvp server cant we
19:06 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> i don't get all this, i even downloaded 0.6 teeworlds.com client, because i thought the vanilla teeworlds community is 'hidden' there, but I couldn't find any
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> vanilla 0.7 plays almost like vanilla 0.6
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> i accept there are some QOL, but tbh we could easily add stuff if we wouldnt always have to garantuee it works on ddnet 3
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> and teewars
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> 0.5 compability would be good
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> yes
19:07 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> can't it just be "sandboxed"? xd
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> yeah but so much work for what?
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> okay, didn't know it's much work
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> and also there are still lots of network packages that have to work on more systems
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> like the logic also has to respect it
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> the one wants lasers, the next want doors
19:08 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> if we'd make a cut every 2 years
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> yeah, just use two protocols or whatever separately xd
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> and say this is the "new" what ddnet has to be able to run definition
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> one for ddnet and one for vanilla in same client
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> would be so much easier
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> but we also have older ddnet clients
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <gerdoe> waitin for ddnet-legacy and ddnet
19:09 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> its not just vanilla and ddnet
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/5041#issuecomment-1113403554
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> we do it for <5% of all players
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> for nobody else
19:10 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> just to be clear
19:11 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 5% of all players that heinrich and deen prefer over the rest
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> i'd port fng, maybe noby too
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> vanilla and ictf shouldnt be very hard since they are not really complex
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> and kog would either need compability servers or just finally upgrade
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> they wanted to do it anyway
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> so it's mostly about 0.7 players joining ddnet servers or the other way around?
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> i guess 0.7 client working on the ddnet servers
19:13 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> yes it kinda works
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> not perfect
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> i mean it doesnt even support all prediction
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> u could say it sucks xD
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> yeah, but ddnet joining vanilla servers is not a problem?
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> not for 0.6 servers i guess
19:14 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> but u cannot join 0.7 servers
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> so what is this issue about.
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> ddnet client joining 0.7 servers
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> 0.7 client players joining ddnet servers
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> both
19:15 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 0.7 client can connect to ddnet server
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> ddnet client cannot connect to 0.7 servers
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> and what has higher priority?
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> just to be clear
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> i assume supporting 0.7 client players, cause less ddnet players join / want to join vanilla servers
19:16 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> i dont want 0.7 protocol
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> i want a completly new one
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> that drops all the useless bloat
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 0.6 and 0.7 is as said relativly similar
19:17 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> there are a few changes, but not the hugest ones
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <cauldron> okay okay, i might try to find vanilla sessions once more.
19:18 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> look who didnt update in a while
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/987406016629059654/unknown.png
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> :BASEDHALT:
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> 633 packages
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> 10Gbyte
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> ez
19:19 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Ryozuki> the net upgrade size is 100mb
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> yeah small af
19:20 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Jupstar> xD
20:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> lol
20:21 <+bridge> [ddnet] <nori> arch<
20:24 <+bridge> [ddnet] <ur moms> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alOajzqzJlY
20:46 <+bridge> [ddnet] <Gaucher80> how to catch johnny pressing a key
23:11 <+ChillerDragon> @deen tbh you pushing a full refactor of the integration script into my chat related pr #5343 is a bit of an mess. Could we get my chat changes in and then you do your refactor in a seperate pr?
23:12 <+ChillerDragon> Imo integrating it into cmake is not too nice but i dont care that much. Its just not working on my system at all anymore. And not related to coverage of chat.
23:25 <+bridge> [ddnet] <anime.pdf> Hello, i want to ask how controls work, and especially why when i hold jump key - it jump once and if i hold left/right key it keeps going, i looked into code but didn't find why exactly it work like this, if this kind of flag or smth else
23:48 <+bridge> [ddnet] <fokkonaut> it can, to mine :p
