00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> Hi,
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> Are you tired of hearing how easy it is to make Crypto and to find out that nothing works?
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> Do you want to grow your Crypto and generate BTC daily?
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> If so, then look no further! -¬†CLICK HERE
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> üëá üëá üëá üëá 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> https://t.me/PROFITSWITHSTEVE
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> To your success!
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> 
00:20 < bridge_> <Dale Y Pearlman> Ps.¬†100%¬†Hands-Free, High¬†QUALITY¬†Traffic
00:33 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1134976943452860496/image.png
00:33 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> ??? xD
00:42 < bridge_> <blaiszephyr> i.. guess
02:13 < bridge_> <bencie.> call the cops
08:37 < bridge_> <TsFreddie> everything i say is china moment
08:38 < bridge_> <TsFreddie> i am china
08:57 < bridge_> <ryozuki> hi china im rust
09:04 < bridge_> <Ewan> hi rust im legal adult
09:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> happy birthday (?)
09:42 < bridge_> <Ewan> yeah
09:42 < bridge_> <Ewan> thanks
14:00 < bridge_> <reitw> tf is that
15:01 < bridge_> <Alexander> i think that's (connecting) players
15:02 < bridge_> <Alexander> i see like 3 different turkey servers that have some kind of "whitelist" and all 3 have a different name
15:05 < bridge_> <Alexander> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1135196411567284254/image.png
15:05 < bridge_> <Alexander> isn't this like faking player count
15:06 < bridge_> <Alexander> if you dont have "filter connecting players" on
15:28 < bridge_> <Iza> it is
15:28 < bridge_> <Iza> @heinrich5991
15:46 < ChillerDragon> is there any issue about adding more slots i could not find one
15:46 < ChillerDragon> i can not belive nobody ever requested more slots in the ddnet issues
15:51 < bridge_> <Iza> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/3453#issuecomment-758105354
15:51 < bridge_> <Iza> it was sort of requested
15:52 < bridge_> <Iza> but idk whats coming out of it
15:53 < ChillerDragon> i mean a dedicated issues discussing if we want it or not and if yes how and what needs to be done 
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> error[E0793]: reference to packed field is unaligned
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>     --> C:\Users\Matodor\.cargo\registry\src\index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f\ntapi-0.3.7\src\ntexapi.rs:2783:52
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> 2783 |         *tick_count.QuadPart_mut() = read_volatile(&(*USER_SHARED_DATA).u.TickCountQuad);
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |                                                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = note: packed structs are only aligned by one byte, and many modern architectures penalize unaligned field accesses
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = note: creating a misaligned reference is undefined behavior (even if that reference is never dereferenced)
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = help: copy the field contents to a local variable, or replace the reference with a raw pointer and use `read_unaligned`/`write_unaligned` (loads and stores via `*p` must be properly aligned even when using raw pointers)
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> 
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> error[E0793]: reference to packed field is unaligned
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>     --> C:\Users\Matodor\.cargo\registry\src\index.crates.io-6f17d22bba15001f\ntapi-0.3.7\src\ntexapi.rs:2807:25
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> 2807 |         ((read_volatile(&(*USER_SHARED_DATA).u.TickCountQuad)
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      |
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = note: packed structs are only aligned by one byte, and many modern architectures penalize unaligned field accesses
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = note: creating a misaligned reference is undefined behavior (even if that reference is never dereferenced)
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor>      = help: copy the field contents to a local variable, or replace the reference with a raw pointer and use `read_unaligned`/`write_unaligned` (loads and stores via `*p` must be properly aligned even when using raw pointers)
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> 
15:53 < bridge_> <matodor> For more information about this error, try `rustc --explain E0793`.
15:54 < bridge_> <matodor> error: could not compile `ntapi` (lib) due to 2 previous errors
15:54 < bridge_> <matodor> warning: build failed, waiting for other jobs to finish...
15:54 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
15:54 < bridge_> <matodor> compiling mastersrv (windows)
15:57 < bridge_> <matodor> rust packages not compiling üò±
16:01 < bridge_> <matodor> fixed by `cargo update`
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> @heinrich5991 i fix it by change
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor>     let socket = Arc::new(tokio::net::UdpSocket::bind("[::]:0").await.unwrap());
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> 
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor>     let socket = Arc::new(tokio::net::UdpSocket::bind("0.0.0.0:0").await.unwrap());
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <Anime.pdf> let's rewrite it in go
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> @heinrich5991 i fix it by change
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor>     let socket = Arc::new(tokio::net::UdpSocket::bind("[::]:0").await.unwrap());
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> to
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor>     let socket = Arc::new(tokio::net::UdpSocket::bind("0.0.0.0:0").await.unwrap());
16:47 < bridge_> <matodor> ```
17:43 < bridge_> <reitw> do u have ipv6 enabled
17:50 < bridge_> <matodor> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1135237901802807347/image.png
19:09 < bridge_> <blaiszephyr> what db is ddnet using ?
19:11 < bridge_> <learath2> MariaDB
19:12 < bridge_> <learath2> Though I think if we were to do it again I think we have consensus that we'd use postgres
19:12 < bridge_> <ryozuki> definitly
19:13 < bridge_> <ryozuki> if i wasnt lazy i would have already made a script to export data xd
19:13 < bridge_> <learath2> Exporting the data is trivial compared to implementing the backend imo
19:13 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i know
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> but thats the level of my lazyness
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> but well its also that
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> importing the mariadb db
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> takes ages
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> even without indexes
19:14 < bridge_> <ryozuki> so i just lose my will
19:14 < bridge_> <learath2> I wonder why, we dont even have constraints
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> idk theorically 20M ranks aint much
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i should try again
19:15 < bridge_> <blaiszephyr> why am i having so many darn issues implementing stuff into it then.. - the entire ddnet setup reminds me that i suck at coding >-<
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> its normal cuz its a big codebase
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> and u dont know most of it
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i also felt lost
19:15 < bridge_> <learath2> I wonder if there is a way to reserve the space with innodb, the file growing might be an issue
19:15 < bridge_> <ryozuki> my sv has 64gb ram
19:16 < bridge_> <ryozuki> maybe i can make a tmpfs db
19:16 < bridge_> <ryozuki> just for importing i mean
19:16 < bridge_> <learath2> Wym, implementing stuff into ddnet?
19:16 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i have a few blog posts about ddnet https://edgarluque.com/categories/ddracenetwork/
19:17 < bridge_> <learath2> Ddnet is a huge mess of legacy code, it's not very easy to learn where what goes. And our way of coding is also a little outdated. We have singletons and stuff that most modern coders detest
19:17 < bridge_> <learath2> And no boost
19:17 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i think thats a win
19:17 < bridge_> <learath2> But if you go ask on any medium how to do X in C++ you'll always get the answer oh just use boost
19:18 < bridge_> <ryozuki> well i would say, oh just use rust
19:18 < bridge_> <ryozuki> :pepeW:
19:18 < bridge_> <blaiszephyr> i wanna store account data on a server using mariaDB, with access to it through php
19:18 < bridge_> <blaiszephyr> idk if it makes sense what i just wrote
19:18 < bridge_> <ryozuki> look at score.cpp
19:18 < bridge_> <ryozuki> and more
19:18 < bridge_> <learath2> My favourite emoji
19:18 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i know xd
19:19 < bridge_> <learath2> It's a perfect depiction of how I always feel
19:28 < bridge_> <Ewan> no boost
19:42 < bridge_> <learath2> It‚Äôs definitely rare for a C++ project
19:42 < bridge_> <ryozuki> is it?
19:42 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i havent touched many cpp projects
19:42 < bridge_> <ryozuki> xd
19:43 < bridge_> <ryozuki> well llvm doesnt use boost iir
19:43 < bridge_> <ryozuki> iirc
19:43 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i wish cranelift wasnt just JIT oriented
19:43 < bridge_> <ryozuki> it has a good rust api cuz its made in rust
19:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> https://docs.rs/cranelift-frontend/0.98.1/cranelift_frontend/index.html
19:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> (cranelift powers wasmtime)
19:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> iirc
19:45 < bridge_> <ryozuki> https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/blob/main/cranelift/rustc.md
19:47 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> @chairn hey Remember the sticky block idea?
19:47 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> tile*
19:49 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> When will you answer me there?
20:03 < ChillerDragon> @ryozuki ryo btw official ruby repo includes rust while python's does not
20:05 < bridge_> <ryozuki> what u talking about
20:05 < bridge_> <ryozuki> im lost
20:05 < ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ruby/ruby
20:05 < ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1690740385.png
20:06 < ChillerDragon> ROST
20:06 < bridge_> <ryozuki> lol
20:06 < bridge_> <ryozuki> why is rust used?
20:06 < ChillerDragon> because ruby pog
20:09 < ChillerDragon> seems like they rewrote the just in time compiler in rust
20:09 < ChillerDragon> https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/master/yjit/yjit_md.html
20:20 < bridge_> <Ewan> nice
20:20 < bridge_> <Ewan> that's one way to stay relevant
20:21 < ChillerDragon> blazingly rust
20:22 < ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1690741361.png
20:22 < ChillerDragon> blazingly half the performance of the C version xd
20:22 < ChillerDragon> average rust moment making everything slower axaxax
20:23 < bridge_> <ryozuki> bruv
20:23 < bridge_> <ryozuki> its cuz it must be new
20:23 < bridge_> <ryozuki> not optimized
20:24 < ChillerDragon> ye its new
20:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> is default ruby also JIT?
20:24 < ChillerDragon> yea think so
20:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> jit benefits from code caching
20:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> aka the second time u run a function will be way faster
20:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> still slower than native tho
20:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> most of time
20:25 < ChillerDragon> since yjit is yet another jit
20:25 < ChillerDragon> i assume cruby is also jit
20:25 < ChillerDragon> i dont think its compiled like python
20:31 < bridge_> <Voxel> ruby sounds shiny
20:31 < bridge_> <Voxel> rust sounds dirty
20:31 < bridge_> <Voxel> checkmate
20:32 < ChillerDragon> xd
20:53 < bridge_> <chairn> when i want/can
20:54 < bridge_> <chairn> have you tried on a real algorithm ?
20:55 < bridge_> <ryozuki> based
20:59 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Will a development team be recruited?
21:01 < bridge_> <chairn> well, @essigautomat is already working on it
21:15 < ChillerDragon> omg my r/place ripoff is not very webscale
21:15 < ChillerDragon> time to rewrite in rust
21:15 < bridge_> <Voxel> :justatest:
21:18 < bridge_> <cyberFighter> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/453632644207476746/1135288427223461948/discord-no-way-2.gif
21:23 < bridge_> <zwelf2> I also archived the reddit pixelart thread: https://archive.strct.cc/ddnet-events/2022-reddit-pixelart.html
21:24 < bridge_> <zwelf2> chillerdragon: ^
21:25 < bridge_> <zwelf2> hm, there is a new reddit pixelart üòÖ
21:27 < bridge_> <ryozuki> yeah xd
21:35 < bridge_> <zwelf2> downloading to https://archive.strct.cc/ddnet-events/2023-reddit-pixelart.html
21:45 < bridge_> <Assa> what????
21:49 < bridge_> <Assa> ahh, this is already merged and will be in the next update, at least you can do it with a tuning layer then.
21:49 < bridge_> <Assa> Just adjust ground_elasticity_x or ground_elasticity_y
21:49 < bridge_> <Assa> 
21:49 < bridge_> <Assa> The block update will probably never come, since it's a lot of code and hard to manage by one person.
21:49 < bridge_> <Assa> Maybe If we make it an own branch on ddnet where I can send multiple PRs, where other people look over I would be more motivated, but at this stage it's hard to split this feature up in smaller PRs. Also I asked other people for help with sound and graphics, and they promised they would help me and never responded to me again, so my motivation might be in the mud
21:55 < bridge_> <deen> What to do if an official server crashed and the backtrace is millions of lines? üòÑ These weird unexplainable crashes always seem to happen on RUS, I think we might have broken hardware there.
21:55 < bridge_> <deen> gdb seems to be in an endless loop
21:56 < bridge_> <zwelf2> are the top/bottom lines interesting?
21:56 < bridge_> <deen> Judge for yourself ^
21:57 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> The sound of sticking and walking can be taken from minecraft and modified
21:59 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> If there is progress let me know.
21:59 < bridge_> <Assa> No, this could lead to a copyright claim and cost a lot, that is the worst idea
22:00 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Ok
22:01 < bridge_> <Assa> I will, but you should be able to start it as soon as the new download updates button is availabe üòâ
22:06 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Ok
22:07 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Can you communicate in other languages ‚Äã‚Äãwell?
22:09 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Are you recruiting for this?
22:10 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Comand
22:13 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> And also make it so that there is a Velcro on one side, and a regular one on the other.
22:14 < bridge_> <Voxel> i wanna help but im too busy
22:15 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> When you are free, you can help.
22:16 < bridge_> <Assa> iam not recuriting, i am busy myself
22:16 < bridge_> <Voxel> i dont know
22:16 < bridge_> <Voxel> i have a job and several personal projects
22:20 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> Ok
22:22 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> What is your time zone?
22:23 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> My gmt +4
22:26 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> What is your time zone?
22:26 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> And you
22:30 < bridge_> <sergeyshukhyan> I am sleeping good night.
22:48 < bridge_> <heinrich5991> they might be under attack. have you tried contacting the server admins?
22:54 < bridge_> <zwelf2> chillerdragon: no way to search the archive yet, and I don't know a good way to do that.
23:03 < bridge_> <heinrich5991> issue created ^
23:12 < bridge_> <Iza> i dont know who the admin is and how i should contact them
23:18 < bridge_> <matodor> thx ‚ù§Ô∏è
23:30 < bridge_> <heinrich5991> sometimes joining a server can reveal contact information somewhere, e.g. in the motd
23:36 < bridge_> <Iza> i dont wanna leak my ip
23:58 < bridge_> <cauldron1> can someone explain me what the units are, or show me a resource? what is the unit of `cl_mouse_max_distance` and what is the unit of `zoom`
23:58 < bridge_> <cauldron1> and how do they relate to eachother
