00:49 <+bridge> <Ewan> you just make changes until it's different enough to say it's a different client
00:49 <+bridge> <Ewan> which driver
00:50 <+bridge> <-StormAx> lmao
00:50 <+bridge> <Ewan> if you're using nouveau you will get horrible performance (comes with kernel by default)
00:50 <+bridge> <Ewan> get the official nvidia drivers and you'll have much better performance <https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/NVIDIA>
00:51 <+bridge> <Ewan> not joking
00:51 <+bridge> <Ewan> iirc taterclient started w/ tela being like "tater can u add this feature" and then enough features were added he just calls it taterclient now
00:57 <+bridge> <Ewan> `pacman -S nvidia lib32-nvidia-utils` and reboot. and u probably want kernel param `nvidia_drm.modeset=1`
00:57 <+bridge> <Ewan> pkg install will automatically blacklist nouveau iirc
01:03 <+bridge> <Ewan> pkg install will automatically blacklist the nouveau module iirc
01:05 <+bridge> <-StormAx> @Ewan Greenbut i want to know, how to add futuers
01:05 <+bridge> <-StormAx> @Ewan Greenbut i want to know, how to add futures
01:05 <+bridge> <Ewan> like what
01:05 <+bridge> <-StormAx> like profile thing from tater
01:05 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ah wait
01:05 <+bridge> <-StormAx> tater is open source
01:05 <+bridge> <Ewan> you wanted a new tab?
01:06 <+bridge> <Ewan> yes
01:06 <+bridge> <-StormAx> also want to add a discord RPC
01:06 <+bridge> <-StormAx> *better one
01:06 <+bridge> <-StormAx> :p
01:08 <+bridge> <Ewan> `change src/engine/client/discord.cpp`/`h`
01:08 <+bridge> <Ewan> change `src/engine/client/discord.cpp`/`h`
01:08 <+bridge> <-StormAx> just in git?
01:08 <+bridge> <-StormAx> right
01:08 <+bridge> <Ewan> wdym
01:08 <+bridge> <Ewan> you have to change the code
01:08 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ah
01:08 <+bridge> <-StormAx> wait
01:09 <+bridge> <-StormAx> deam, thanks
01:09 <+bridge> <-StormAx> :brownbear:
01:09 <+bridge> <Ewan> cross reference with discord api
01:09 <+bridge> <Ewan> but before u do any of this, you need to figure out what exactly you want to do
01:10 <+bridge> <Ewan> and whether it's even possible or not
01:10 <+bridge> <-StormAx> yeah, possible ig
01:11 <+bridge> <Ewan> what do you want that the existing rpc doesn't have
01:12 <+bridge> <-StormAx> Player name, server ip, points
01:12 <+bridge> <-StormAx> https://i.imgur.com/fEgZbZd.png
01:13 <+bridge> <Ewan> Oh yeah easy
01:14 <+bridge> <Ewan> You could also add a join game button & use the ddnet:// stuff with the IP
01:14 <+bridge> <kio> i have nvidia-dkms
01:14 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ddnet:// doesnt work for me
01:14 <+bridge> <-StormAx> donno why
01:14 <+bridge> <Ewan> if you have it on steam it would have to be something else
01:15 <+bridge> <-StormAx> steam://run/412220//45.147.46.99:8309/
01:15 <+bridge> <-StormAx> :thinkies:
01:15 <+bridge> <Ewan> yeah
01:15 <+bridge> <Ewan> like that
01:16 <+bridge> <Ewan> I remember vulkan being weird on there try gl
01:16 <+bridge> <Ewan> Newer better
01:21 <+bridge> <kio> i must do env nvidia_drm.modeset=1 or export nvidia_drm.modeset=1 or wt @Ewan Green ?
01:22 <+bridge> <Ewan> nah
01:22 <+bridge> <Ewan> shouldn't be necessary. i was just thinking you didn't have the driver and that's a good thing to have as well
01:27 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ```c++
01:27 <+bridge> <-StormAx> Params.client_id = 7 52165779117441075
01:27 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ```
01:27 <+bridge> <-StormAx> is this here 7 and free space
01:27 <+bridge> <-StormAx> how is that possible?
01:34 <+bridge> <-StormAx> @Ewan Green is that possible to add map pic from ddnet.org/maps?
01:34 <+bridge> <-StormAx> @Ewan Green is that possible to add map pic from `ddnet.org/maps` ?
01:34 <+bridge> <Ewan> which line
01:34 <+bridge> <-StormAx> https://i.imgur.com/ngJGMDV.png
01:34 <+bridge> <-StormAx> 45
01:35 <+bridge> <Ewan> if you fetch it. but the only image you can use in discord like that is the icon, and it would override the ddnet icon & be small and hard to see
01:35 <+bridge> <Ewan> so i wouldn't
01:35 <+bridge> <Ewan> there is no free space
01:35 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ah wtf
01:35 <+bridge> <-StormAx> visual studio makes me braindead
01:35 <+bridge> <Ewan> im pretty sure that client id is reserved for the application they made in the discord developer portal though
01:36 <+bridge> <Ewan> like if you changed it the discord API would deny you
01:36 <+bridge> <-StormAx> fair
01:36 <+bridge> <Ewan> my new job is gonna make me use it. i like it for C# but i use qt creator for cpp and it will be a bit of a learning curve
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> haha
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> i started to learn c++
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> an new "coder"
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> as new "coder"
01:37 <+bridge> <Ewan> good for you
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> dead for me
01:37 <+bridge> <-StormAx> deadge for me
01:37 <+bridge> <Ewan> if it's just a hobby cpp is a great choice because you can mod games and stuff lol
01:38 <+bridge> <Ewan> but if you want to do it for work it's a bad choice because it's hard to find people who are making new things in cpp
01:38 <+bridge> <-StormAx> but is hardest programming lang.
01:38 <+bridge> <Ewan> if you're planning to do it for work, try web tech or a newer systems lang like rust
01:38 <+bridge> <-StormAx> JS doesnt count
01:38 <+bridge> <Ewan> ehhhh
01:38 <+bridge> <-StormAx> hmm, sound gud
01:41 <+bridge> <-StormAx> btw if i want to do dynamic rpc
01:41 <+bridge> <-StormAx> i need to change something here? https://i.imgur.com/Yf9F01n.png
01:42 <+bridge> <-StormAx> still dont get
01:43 <+bridge> <-StormAx> nvm
01:43 <+bridge> <-StormAx> ~~i need to change something here? https://i.imgur.com/Yf9F01n.png~~
02:23 <+bridge> <-StormAx> 3 stages of making own client:
02:23 <+bridge> <-StormAx> 1. Wow, i want to make my own client, thats will be great
02:23 <+bridge> <-StormAx> 2. Fuck i have to learn c++
02:23 <+bridge> <-StormAx> 3. Depression
02:34 <+bridge> <Ewan> Not just cpp
02:34 <+bridge> <Ewan> Many concepts as well
02:40 <+bridge> <-StormAx> Yeah, indeed
02:53 <+bridge> <kio> I tried also to remade the discord rcp
02:54 <+bridge> <kio> I did new classes but I got error to import my new class inside ddnet client
03:33 <+bridge> <Ewan> whuh
03:33 <+bridge> <Ewan> it's not like java man
03:36 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> Depends on the client. Some client projects could also be done in C#, rust, JavaScript, ruby or pythonUsing existing libraries made for teeworlds
03:36 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> (@-StormAx)
03:36 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> Or lua kek ath
10:31 <+bridge> <M é…π „Ç∑> But headless :kek:
10:47 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Yeah, I also noticed that at some point. Last time I just tried to change the text color of an error message to red, but the color gets blended with another color in the text renderer so you don't end up with the color you want
10:49 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> text containers should‚Ñ¢Ô∏è support what u want
10:49 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> since they have a render color
10:49 <+ChillerDragon> yea most of the languages i mentioned are libs that do not offer a gui so you have to build your own. But rust and lua integrate into the gui clients
10:51 <+bridge> <Robyt3> in the end, almost all rendered text is a text container though
10:51 <+bridge> <Robyt3> many are just one-time-use, but they use the same text container functions
10:51 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, but i mean the interface for text containers
10:51 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> textex has the old interface
10:52 <+bridge> <Robyt3> yeah, I don't this stateful interface where you have to so `SetTextColor(...);Text(...);SetTextColor(Old..);`
10:52 <+bridge> <Robyt3> yeah, I don't this stateful interface where you have to do `SetTextColor(...);Text(...);SetTextColor(Old..);`
10:52 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, still surprising the alpha is ignored like that, but dunno the reason rn XD
10:53 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah text outline is probs completely ignored right?
10:55 <+bridge> <Robyt3> I don't even see any code that handles the broadcast alpha fading
10:55 <+bridge> <Robyt3> at least in broadcast.cpp
10:55 <+bridge> <Robyt3> it's still using TextEx though
10:57 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah it want u changing it? üòÑ
10:58 <+bridge> <Robyt3> I don't think I changed anything with text color, so it like this before the text renderer and IME changes
10:58 <+bridge> <Robyt3> I don't think I changed anything with text color, so it was like this before the text renderer and IME changes
11:03 <+bridge> <Robyt3> ah, it's not a broadcast, it's its own function in hud.cpp
11:03 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, is actually pretty long in
11:03 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> weird that i just noticed it yesterday xd
11:12 <+bridge> <Robyt3> looks like this is the same bug I previously mentioned, the text color itself is also not faded to alpha 0 correctly
11:12 <+bridge> <Robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102522862855790662/image.png
11:12 <+bridge> <Robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102522863275212881/image.png
11:12 <+bridge> <Robyt3> looks like it fades to grey instead
11:13 <+bridge> <Robyt3> and text outline alpha is also not set currently
11:15 <+bridge> <Learath2> Maybe an addition somewhere along the way?
11:49 <+bridge> <kio> Cpp object oriented
11:49 <+bridge> <Ewan> That doesn‚Äôt mean you can mingle classes like you can in Java??
11:52 <+bridge> <kio> what's the problem that something not done with classes instances a new class and calls a method?
11:52 <+bridge> <kio> and then I did this a while ago but it seems to me that there were other things in the code done with classes
11:55 <+bridge> <-StormAx> The problem is lack of experience in programming, i learned a lot, but didn't used my knowledge in practice
12:17 <+ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1682936238.png
12:17 <+ChillerDragon> til git allows commit hashes as tag names for maximum troling
12:18 <+ChillerDragon> ``warning: refname '7a6e705e67297e45b7b744f92e5d9b705c5008a6' is ambiguous.``
12:18 <+ChillerDragon> xd
12:19 <+ChillerDragon> on git checkout
12:19 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lol
12:19 <+bridge> <Ryozuki> troll
12:20 <+ChillerDragon> ``git tag master`` :trollface:
12:20 <+ChillerDragon> type that if you get your hands on a co workers device and they spend the day debugging git
12:36 <+bridge> <uwu> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102544041964490782/IMG_20230501_133557_820.jpg
12:38 <+bridge> <heinrich5991> not fun in practice, the very first access to allocation is going to crash your program
12:38 <+bridge> <Ryozuki> i think he knows
12:38 <+bridge> <Ryozuki> its a meme
12:40 <+bridge> <heinrich5991> more fun would be something like `return (unsigned char *)malloc(size) + (rand() < 100);`
12:41 <+bridge> <heinrich5991> less likely to crash on the first invocation, much more fun to debug
12:41 <+ChillerDragon> xd
14:55 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ChillerDragon: do u still use gnome?
15:03 <+ChillerDragon> da
15:07 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ChillerDragon: do you have weird mouse issues with latest DDNet with gnome?
15:08 <+ChillerDragon> how latest?
15:08 <+ChillerDragon> i am 16 commits behind
15:08 <+ChillerDragon> leme remerge
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> thats ok
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u use arch right?
15:09 <+ChillerDragon> yes BTW
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i just wonder why https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/6548
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> has problems
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> never heard of a bug like that
15:09 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but he uses ubuntu 22
15:09 <+ChillerDragon> i dropped to 10% skill and 1% game feels so i kinda feel like my internet and mouse is broken af since months but thats probably brain damage
15:10 <+ChillerDragon> oh that bad not just a bit wonkey
15:10 <+ChillerDragon> no no no such thing on my side
15:10 <+ChillerDragon> tell him to buy arch
15:10 <+ChillerDragon> maybe he uses wayland axaxax
15:11 <+ChillerDragon> X11 masterrace
15:11 <+ChillerDragon> wowo github ajax feels like live messenger
15:11 <+ChillerDragon> github issue comments are smoother than matrix chats ngl
15:12 <+ChillerDragon> !jup open this on 2nd screen and comment something lets try gh livechat https://github.com/ChillerDragon/github-meta/issues/5
15:12 < chillerbot> @Jupstar ‚ú™
15:12 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i currently dont have a second screen xD
15:13 <+ChillerDragon> ok watever
15:13 <+ChillerDragon> then main
15:13 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> my last broke, bcs samsung is trash company
15:13 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and then i actually found 1 screen quite nice
15:13 <+ChillerDragon> write commento and write here
15:13 <+ChillerDragon> i wanna know delay xd
15:14 <+ChillerDragon> quality chat xxxxxxxxxxxD
15:17 <+ChillerDragon> i always kinda thought gh issues could be abused as live chat but now i know for sure
15:18 <+ChillerDragon> this is epic
15:18 <+ChillerDragon> sad that ill leave gh soon because ms crap and the new ui is sooo bad
15:20 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> as long as ms doesnt make it harder for open source projects idc
15:20 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
15:20 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the good about github is, that it attracts more devs
15:21 <+ChillerDragon> not for long
15:21 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i hate to have a extra account for freedesktop gitlab xd
15:21 <+ChillerDragon> the performance decrease of the new code viewer is intense it feels so sluggish
15:21 <+ChillerDragon> might as well use bitbucket 
15:21 <+ChillerDragon> i login to gitlab.com with github.com oauth xd
15:22 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i use gitlab for private hosting, its defs not made to use less resources xD
15:22 <+ChillerDragon> to maximize damage when they finally ban me on github so i lose all backups too
15:22 <+ChillerDragon> ye selfhosting gitlab is bloat
15:22 <+ChillerDragon> i only selfhost bare repos
15:22 <+ChillerDragon> if i want proper backups and ui i want it to be managed by big corpo
15:23 <+bridge> <Vy0x2> ChillerDragon, can you disconnect your bot on multeasymap please? We dont want to encourage blocking and its taking up a slot.
15:28 <+ChillerDragon> its disconnected
15:28 <+ChillerDragon> if blocking is not encouraged why is there a dedicated area for it?
15:28 <+ChillerDragon> me counting only stats there encourages to not block in the race
15:29 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Just name the bot differently, then nobody notices it's u xd
15:29 <+ChillerDragon> axaxax
15:29 <+ChillerDragon> as a language model i can not get involved in illegal activities
15:30 <+ChillerDragon> @Vy0x2 ^
15:31 <+ChillerDragon> eh yea jopsti verified with latest master my mouse is going strong still
15:31 <+bridge> <Vy0x2> If it would just collect data i would rethink my request, but since its announcing killing sprees and stuff its kinda annoying.
15:32 <+ChillerDragon> i can turn the mute mode on
15:32 <+ChillerDragon> nothing into public chat
15:33 <+bridge> <Vy0x2> Hm if it will tell the personal statistics in whisper i think i dont have anything against that at the moment
15:34 <+ChillerDragon> shit i need to adjust code
15:34 <+ChillerDragon> ok ill do and spin it up again
15:37 <+bridge> <Vy0x2> I dont want to discourage you to create new stuff and contribute to the community, please keep it within bounds =)
15:38 <+ChillerDragon> ye dw i was expecting a 4 week ban within the first 2h not a friendly note after weeks so im good :D
15:42 <+bridge> <Ryozuki> i dont mind ur bot if its written in rust
15:42 <+bridge> <Ryozuki> :gigachad:
15:47 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> In safe rust xdd
15:50 <+bridge> <Voxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1054265086862168084/1102592770679525467/reddit.png
15:54 <+ChillerDragon> !rust
15:54 < chillerbot> @Ryozuki
15:54 <+ChillerDragon> it has like 1% rust in it so im safe :D
16:02 <+ChillerDragon> !jup sos i got sidetracked so hard rewriting bash in javascript my c++ looks like this now
16:02 < chillerbot> @Jupstar ‚ú™
16:03 <+ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1682949774.png
16:11 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Uff
16:12 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Enough js for the month i guess xdd
16:12 <+ChillerDragon> ikr
16:12 <+ChillerDragon> but i gotta implement pipes in javascript
16:12 <+ChillerDragon> i just feel the urge
17:44 <+bridge> <Robyt3> @Ravie @Pipou What do you think about #6546?
17:44 <+bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/6546
17:46 <+bridge> <Ravie> good idea to clean up the toolbar a little but I still think we can get rid of some of those buttons at all
17:46 <+bridge> <Pipou> It's good
17:47 <+bridge> <Pipou> I don't know if anyone is using "Border" at all
17:47 <+bridge> <Pipou> Even goto x/y
17:47 <+bridge> <Pipou> Even "goto x/y"
17:47 <+bridge> <Pipou> I think those two could be removed
17:47 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Goto XY is useful for testing, when you share a position in the map
17:48 <+bridge> <Pipou> I test a lot and I never needed that
17:48 <+bridge> <Pipou> Nobody ever gave me coordinates
17:48 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Some error messages that the server/client print might contain coordinates
17:49 <+bridge> <Pipou> There are barely any gigantic maps that require the coordinates not to get lost
17:49 <+bridge> <Pipou> Oh
17:49 <+bridge> <Pipou> Some tool by Patiga do I think
17:49 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Was useful for #6489
17:49 <+bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/6489
17:50 <+bridge> <Pipou> Ok then it's fine
17:50 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Maybe the info button and hex values buttons could also be moved to tools
17:50 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Or another menu "View"
17:51 <+bridge> <Robyt3> If we want to use similar names like in other programs
17:51 <+bridge> <Pipou> The info button is very needed
17:51 <+bridge> <Robyt3> There's also a hotkey for it, or do you more often click the button?
17:52 <+bridge> <Pipou> It can be moved to tools if there are shortcuts (keybinding)
17:52 <+bridge> <Pipou> (talking about the info button)
17:52 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Yeah, there is Ctrl+I for the info button and Ctrl+Shift+I for the Hex Values button
17:53 <+bridge> <Pipou> I never used it üòÆ
17:54 <+bridge> <Pipou> What are the hex values for ?
17:54 <+bridge> <Pipou> I don't understand how it's supposed to help
17:54 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Someone said it's easier to read because the values are more aligned
17:55 <+bridge> <Robyt3> #5938
17:55 <+bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/5938
17:55 <+bridge> <Pipou> It's more confusing to me than numbers
17:57 <+bridge> <Pipou> @Voxel
17:58 <+bridge> <Pipou> However I understand how some people might find it more comfortable (2 digits instead of up to 3)
17:58 <+bridge> <Pipou> It could be moved in the tools in that case
18:01 <+bridge> <Pipou> @Ravie What do you think of "Entities"
18:01 <+bridge> <Pipou> I think it could be moved elsewhere
18:01 <+bridge> <Pipou> It's rarely used
18:01 <+bridge> <Pipou> We most map and test DDRace in DDNet
18:02 <+bridge> <Pipou> We mostly map and test DDRace in DDNet
18:02 <+bridge> <Ravie> yeah never used that myself
18:02 <+bridge> <Pipou> What about "Color"?
18:02 <+bridge> <Pipou> I never understood why it was there
18:05 <+bridge> <Pipou> What about the "Zoom" button, there is the üîç already (between - and +)
18:06 <+bridge> <Robyt3> @marmare_314 More possible editor changes discussed above
18:06 <+bridge> <kio> can i bind the change of the resolution?
18:08 <+bridge> <Robyt3> No, I think it doesn't update your screen size afterwards correctly
18:09 <+bridge> <kio> üò¶
18:09 <+bridge> <Pipou> I never use "Refocus" either, I don't think it's really necessary (it could be moved too)
18:09 <+bridge> <kio> beacuse from linux the game idk why don't keep the stretched 4:3 and the text is all bugged
18:09 <+bridge> <Robyt3> You would have the restart the game after using the bind
18:11 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Yeah, maybe move "Refocus" and "Info" both into a new menu "View". With 3 buttons to select "Off", "Dec", "Hex" for info.
18:11 <+bridge> <Pipou> Sure
18:11 <+bridge> <kio> ?
18:11 <+bridge> <Pipou> @Ravie Do you agree on moving those buttons away ?
18:12 <+bridge> <Robyt3> You could use a bind to change the resolution, but you would have to restart the game for the setting to take effect
18:12 <+bridge> <Ravie> I use Refocus but maybe there is a better place for it
18:13 <+bridge> <kio> oh ok
18:13 <+bridge> <kio> but does anyone know the reason for these bugs that didn't fit on windows?
18:13 <+bridge> <Pipou> The problem with refocus is that it only focuses the top left corner
18:13 <+bridge> <Robyt3> `bind ctrl+x "gfx_screen_width 1920; gfx_screen_height 1080; quit` this will also quit immediately after using the bind, so you just have to start again
18:13 <+bridge> <Pipou> Do you even know what's "Color" for @Ravie
18:13 <+bridge> <Ravie> that's the world's origin
18:14 <+bridge> <Ravie> yeah it shows preview of colored layers on tile picker, I always turn that off xd
18:14 <+bridge> <Pipou> Would be better if we could pick the center ourselves by clicking or entering coordinates
18:14 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Can you open an issue on GitHub and describe exactly what the issue with, with screenshots if possible?
18:15 <+bridge> <Voxel> I just think it's convenient because it's a grid
18:15 <+bridge> <Pipou> Oh yeah true, I never use that either, can still be helpful for some nonetheless
18:16 <+bridge> <Pipou> Oh ok, understandable. I'm just more used to look at those numbers
18:16 <+bridge> <Pipou> It's only a preference
18:17 <+bridge> <kio> i will write that with the stretched fullscreen the game do that or what
18:17 <+bridge> <kio> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102629925531435108/image.png
18:17 <+bridge> <kio> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102629925950849024/image.png
18:17 <+bridge> <kio> I don't have much other information
18:18 <+bridge> <Voxel> Right. If there is a proper way to get XY coords for tiles in a tile layer, then I'm fine with removing hex values
18:22 <+bridge> <Robyt3> Aren't X and Y shown in the top right? Or is it not exact enough?
18:23 <+bridge> <Voxel> They were? Since when?
18:25 <+bridge> <Robyt3> I'd expect always xD
18:27 <+bridge> <Voxel> I can't test it, I'm away from my PC
18:27 <+bridge> <Voxel> I only question because there's a way to make automappers using code and it involves things like position [0, 0] of a mapres
18:28 <+bridge> <Robyt3> The X/Y in the top right seems wrong though if you enable grid
18:29 <+bridge> <Ravie> @Robyt3 I think he means tile coord relative to the tileset inside tile picker, the top right coord is relative to the map
18:29 <+bridge> <Ravie> tho idk why he'd want that
18:29 <+bridge> <Voxel> Ease of use for Rules++
18:29 <+bridge> <Voxel> Duhh
18:29 <+bridge> <Ravie> nah
18:29 <+bridge> <Voxel> It's easier to use coords than to remember 255 numbers for each tile
18:30 <+bridge> <Ravie> you don't have to remember anything
18:31 <+bridge> <Voxel> brb
18:44 <+bridge> <marmare_314> So color could probably also be moved into the settings menu?
18:47 <+bridge> <Ravie> yeah
18:50 <+ChillerDragon> !jup btw back in da days i built some not very battle tested sdl version manager https://paste.zillyhuhn.com/sdlvm if you need to switch between sdl versions and compile from source but want it to feel like a package manager
18:50 < chillerbot> @Jupstar ‚ú™
18:51 <+bridge> <marmare_314> Im not sure about moving refocus into a menu, maybe it could be grouped together with the zoom buttons
18:55 <+bridge> <louis> dont u need to use refocus for that autofiller thing
18:55 <+bridge> <louis> or it makes it easier
18:56 <+bridge> <louis> if u map other modes you use this
18:57 <+bridge> <louis> but yeah most of the top buttons cna be moved to other places
18:57 <+bridge> <louis> why not make submenus similar to other content editing documents like powerpoint etc
18:57 <+bridge> <louis> have diff buttons in different tabs
18:57 <+bridge> <Pipou> Yes that's what I meant, it's useful but it should be placed somewhere else
18:58 <+bridge> <louis> like have several tabs [View] [Tiles] [Graphics] or smth with each old button under those tabs
19:16 <+bridge> <Voxel> what about jotting down square arrays for objects
19:16 <+bridge> <Voxel> that is going to take forever
19:18 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ChillerDragon: nais
19:18 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u can also include sdl as submodule in github
19:22 <+bridge> <gerdoe> have same question xd
19:33 <+bridge> <marmare_314> @Ravie @Pipou what about the proof/proof menu buttons? they could also be moved into the view menu right?
19:34 <+bridge> <Ravie> proof is very useful so not sure
19:34 <+bridge> <Pipou> I just it often
19:34 <+bridge> <Pipou> Not sure either
19:35 <+bridge> <Ravie> we shouldn't move ALL buttons to menus, just the rarely used ones
19:40 <+bridge> <marmare_314> Alright then they should only be joined
20:02 <+bridge> <Voxel> no longer afk
20:02 <+bridge> <Voxel> whatd i miss
20:49 <+bridge> <louis> the best solution would be to make some buttons have shortcuts so people who use rhe editor for diff things can use them accordingly
20:49 <+bridge> <louis> would be to be able to add shortcuts*
21:02 <+bridge> <M é…π „Ç∑> I do this xd
21:02 <+bridge> <M é…π „Ç∑> This assert message is so strange
21:02 <+bridge> <M é…π „Ç∑> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1102671387581231155/2023-05-01_23-57-58.mp4
21:28 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> ? What do you mean? Submodule in which repo why what xd
21:28 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> (@Jupeyy_Keks)
21:32 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> in ddnet repo
21:45 <+bridge> <chillerdragon> I should pr SDL code base into official ddnet repo? Xd I‚Äôm still totally in the dark what you on about jopsti
21:52 <+bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it sounded like u wanted to make compiling sdl easier
23:41 <+bridge> <Ewan> >->
