01:31 < bridge> <neben> where is the dynamic part of the website ?
01:31 < bridge> <neben> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1159996490211672204/image.png?ex=65330dea&is=652098ea&hm=2249d9d21f8debaba970fa4fe1e56c07c08f50530d1c6f9a1afe1bab23fc54de&
02:02 < bridge> <murpi> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-scripts/tree/master
02:05 < bridge> <murpi> Learath2 was pretty clear about this. We won't consider adding the new categories without prior discussion.
03:07 < bridge> <neben> Hm, from who? Coz it seemed pretty clear to me that it was accepted. Pipou, Blurry and V√©Na already have done all the work for it, the only thing missing is the code side
03:21 < bridge> <neben> Hm, from who? Coz it seemed pretty clear to me that it was accepted. Pipou, Nehr and V√©Na already have done all the work for it, the only thing missing is the code side
06:51 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> @ryozuki found another rusthead in the wild
06:51 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> cursor is an entire moment to say "RUST IS THE BEST PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE" and the red dot is where he says "blazingly"
06:51 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1160076788131692674/image.png?ex=653358b3&is=6520e3b3&hm=243cf2d955420c5113869b98f6123f4d3069a48a4e1e64e908514c11a55f33aa&
06:54 < bridge> <Ewan> the proper term is rustacean last i heard
06:54 < bridge> <Ewan> and they are not hard to find
06:56 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> yeah but that involves me caring
06:59 < bridge> <Ewan> how does the proper term for something rely on you caring
08:22 < bridge> <TsFreddie> I still hate rust
08:37 < bridge> <Ewan> hi fred
09:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> u seem to care  alot tho since u tell me always
09:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
09:33 < bridge> <Ewan> :f3:
09:33 < bridge> <Ewan> good morning ryozuki
09:33 < bridge> <Ewan> how are you on this fine evening
10:06 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> Its 11am :kek:
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> quite good
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> and u
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> its morning tho
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> im closer to utc
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> the truth
10:07 < bridge> <Ewan> I disagree
10:07 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1160126207883497492/IMG_3689.png?ex=653386ba&is=652111ba&hm=b3002f34d7be0258911f40aa44cb2ec58d85950bccd5dae2b0bba2fcf33521c2&
10:07 < bridge> <Ewan> doing alright
10:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> apple user smh
10:07 < bridge> <Ewan> what else
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
10:08 < bridge> <Ewan> i dislike google
10:08 < bridge> <Ewan> apple is the lesser of two evils
10:09 < bridge> <learath2> https://tenor.com/view/doubt-press-x-la-noire-meme-x-button-gif-19259237
10:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://tenor.com/view/doubt-press-x-la-noire-meme-x-button-gif-19259237
10:10 < bridge> <Ewan> I‚Äôm doubting your doubt rn
10:11 < bridge> <Ewan> politics aside i like the iphone better. it‚Äôs just cool
10:12 < bridge> <Ewan> awesome build quality and feel
10:12 < bridge> <Ewan> runs mostly native software
10:12 < bridge> <Ewan> ecosystem etc
10:12 < bridge> <Ewan> i‚Äôve used both and it‚Äôs the better experience imo
10:14 < bridge> <TsFreddie> not really thinking about you when I said that
10:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> i was not talking about u
10:15 < bridge> <TsFreddie> ah
10:15 < bridge> <TsFreddie> my apology :owo:
10:17 < bridge> <TsFreddie> <a:Catxplosion:1082715870893195274>
10:24 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> nothing worked because of .sort() in my code :pepeW:
10:25 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> the funny thing is it has to compare as <=, if i remove = it will work on website but not in node, if i keep it it doesnt work in firefox but works in node
10:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
11:00 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> easiest fix in my life :pepeW:
11:00 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1160139653656092692/image.png?ex=6533933f&is=65211e3f&hm=fed841d908623d95627374d9e8b656e4a398b3607fd17225baef48967a6222b2&
11:18 < bridge> <learath2> Many brands make android phones, all have different build quality and feel
11:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> i mean 3rd looks like the correct one
11:19 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> why the hell did it even work before üò≠
11:19 < bridge> <learath2> This is such a js moment wtf
11:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> returning 0 is for when they equal
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> but on the first 2 u dont return 0 never, so if a <= b it returns 1
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> but if b <= a it returns 1
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> if a == b
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> it returns 1
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> if b == a
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> it returns 1
11:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> do u see the bug
11:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> or well idk, i need a coffee
11:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 did u watch the anime baki
11:21 < bridge> <learath2> It's actually allowed in some sorting algorithms, but I bet in js you require strict weak ordering
11:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> is js sort stable?
11:22 < bridge> <learath2> Not yet, it's on my list of things to watch sometime after jjk
11:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> its a rly bizarre anime
11:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> of strong men using bare first techniques fighting against strong men using whathever cheat they can
11:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
11:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> well thats for the netflix show
11:23 < bridge> <learath2> Ah js has even stricter requirements on the comparefn
11:24 < bridge> <learath2> Yes
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> @robyt3 refactoring the envelope points is gonna be a lot more work than i thought. So I want to make sure the new classes look decent before I actually do it üòÑ What do you think of the following classes? They store the data in the normal mapitems to allow implementing the envelope accessor.
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> ```c++
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> class CCurveInfo
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> {
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     enum class EType
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     {
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>         LINEAR,
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>         STEP,
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     } m_Type;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> 
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     vec2 GetBezierTangentOffsetStart() const;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     void SetBezierTangentOffsetStart(vec2 TangentOffset);
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> 
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     vec2 GetBezierTangentOffsetEnd() const;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     void SetBezierTangentOffsetEnd(vec2 TangentOffset);
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> 
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> private:
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     CEnvPointBezier m_BezierInfo;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> };
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> 
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> struct CTransform
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> {
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     float OffsetX;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     float OffsetY;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314>     float Rotation;
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> };
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> 
11:28 < bridge> <marmare_314> class CEnvelopePoint
11:29 < bridge> <marmare_314> {
11:29 < bridge> <marmare_314> public:
11:29 < bridge> <marmare_314>     float GetTime() const;
11:35 < bridge> <robyt3> So the idea is to add a wrapper class that makes access to the different kinds of envelope point values easier, hence the different getters and setters?
11:35 < bridge> <robyt3> I think we more or less settled on no `Get` prefix for getters
11:35 < bridge> <robyt3> `CCurveType::m_Type` seems redundant since we already have constants in `mapitems.h`
11:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Usually all things I search for only yield a few results. It‚Äôs not that big. Searching the code for keywords works super well
11:48 < bridge> <marmare_314> So it would be `CEnvelopePoint::Time` and `CEnvelopePoint::SetTime`?
11:48 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah
11:50 < bridge> <marmare_314> I added them for the constructors. Since `CCurveInfo(EType Type)` is a bit nicer than `CCurveInfo(int Type)`, but that doesnt really matter. Or I can also make them a seperate enum in mapitems and then use that
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably easier to use `int Type` with a comment for now, instead of changing `mapitems.h`
12:11 < bridge> <learath2> Might be nice to go through the code sometime and use named scoped enums for many of these things
14:09 < bridge> <murpi> Oops, wrong repo
15:46 < bridge> <ar1gin> you could also do something like `(a, b) => { return b.frequency - a.frequency; }` because only the sign matters
15:51 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> I am a simple man. If the docs say it has to return -1, 0 or 1. I make it to return those values
15:52 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> And hope it doesn't break one day :justatest:
16:05 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> where da hell can i find code which is related to drawing stuff from demo
16:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk if i recommend that if they are floats
16:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> but i guess they arent xd
16:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> but again u have no types so ur never sure
16:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> safe coding in js requires millions of typeof checks
16:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> kek
16:12 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> js wasnt made for safe coding :justatest:
16:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 @heinrich5991 https://orlp.net/blog/subtraction-is-functionally-complete/
16:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> > To be precise, IEEE-754 floating point subtraction is functionally complete. That means you can construct any binary circuit using nothing but floating point subtraction.
16:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
16:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok i meant "defensive programming"
16:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://twitter.com/WinfieldSmart/status/1710658680327209205
16:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> some people are definitly evil
16:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://x.com/WinfieldSmart/status/1710658680327209205?s=20
16:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Billionaire property developer Tim Gurner said in September that "We need to see unemployment rise. We need it to rise 40-50%. We need to see pain in the economy. We need to remind people that they work for the employer, not the other way around."
16:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Defensive programming is a technique that helps programmers to write programs that are more resistant to bugs and vulnerabilities. These techniques are actually a set of programming guidelines and habits that will immeasurably improve your comprehension, quality and predictability.
16:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
16:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Defensive_programming
16:17 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> bugs and vulnerabilities in ts? pff, `as any` is the safest thing in the world :owo:
16:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
16:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> :poggers2:
16:55 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> nice pfp
17:00 < bridge> <chairn> i was expecting some weird stuff there, but no, rather simple use of sign bit
17:00 < bridge> <chairn> though the assembly code at the end is hilarious üòÑ
17:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
18:49 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> @neben holly cow, how big essay are you writing
18:50 < bridge> <sedonya> Can I get the ``dev`` role if I am a developer of a separate client and server type? Or is it mandatory to make a PR?
18:55 < bridge> <neben> Hey,
18:55 < bridge> <neben> When is the discussion planned? Also, is it planned to be done with Pipou?
18:55 < bridge> <neben> I understand that you guys have to be the one to open the doors when it comes about new features, but as a testing leader, an experienced player and mapper, a hard-worker, his opinion is as important. I don't think that you guys have the rights to make such a WIP wait, especially when all the big parts have already been done. You just have to agree or disagree, as most of the discussion already have been covered with all the testers and more.
18:56 < bridge> <neben> the small but thought one
19:01 < bridge> <murpi> My apologies, I wasn't aware that the administrators responsible for overseeing the entire infrastructure are not involved in your decision-making process. Certainly, I will do what is necessary.
19:04 < bridge> <murpi> As for the discussion, We been waiting for over Pipou to speak up, since all the planning and discussions weren't done exclusively in the internal channels, but somewhere else.
19:05 < bridge> <neben> I understand you, but this is not meaningful as you could just allow those changes to be done without a prior discussion, if the charge is too big. Trust the actual people that worked on it.
19:09 < bridge> <murpi> These changes are more than just minor adjustments. You're introducing two whole new categories, which seem to cater to a relatively niche audience.
19:11 < bridge> <Ewan> u think i don't know it?
19:11 < bridge> <murpi> Introducing these new categories at this point will have significant long-term repercussions.
19:15 < bridge> <murpi> Introducing these new categories -as is- will have significant long-term repercussions.
19:15 < bridge> <neben> I mean, from what I've heard, it has been done in the testing channel in messages where you were pinged. Also, I would just take every message and make a synthesis of the whole discussion with chatgpt, it's not like he hasn't done most of the work already.
19:16 < bridge> <neben> It is also available in #üìåinfo
19:20 < bridge> <neben> Such a thing has been done already, with the new hammer feature where you can hold in freeze. Heinrich developed it and released it without discussing it with the testers and players.
19:20 < bridge> <murpi> Okey, let's just go back for a moment. What's ddnet testing to you?
19:21 < bridge> <murpi> Or rather, what exactly is the purpose of testing here on ddnet?
19:21 < bridge> <neben> People trusted for their opinion about mapping, playing, and game design
19:22 < bridge> <neben> Also I'd rather not have this discussion since it's taking time on what we actually want
19:22 < bridge> <learath2> Unless your claim is no android device has comparable build quality, yes that's what your statement would imply
19:24 < bridge> <neben> Allowing changes on the game, in the maps section
19:25 < bridge> <neben> Allow or disallow changes on the game, in the maps section, by accepting or declining new maps
19:26 < bridge> <learath2> That is not how we envisioned testing, and those things are far beyond the scope of duties we entrusted to this group of testers (and all previous tester groups actually). Therein lies the concern. It's like your local police making their own laws.
19:27 < bridge> <learath2> Not like we aren't open to change, we are just saying it needs proper discussion with not just testers
19:28 < bridge> <murpi> Indeed, that's the core problem we're currently working to address, rather than engaging in a discussion, we're simply being told what to do. "From what I've heard" is telling me how out of touch all people seem in our testing staff.
19:29 < bridge> <neben> You never actually had a word about it tho, since you never said anything about maps being released, so you entrusted those people opinions
19:29 < bridge> <learath2> You edited that message btw. They are free to accept and decline whatever they want and use whatever means necessary to facilitate that. What maps get released is technically solely up to Pipou. That's the scope of the testing team. Deciding what maps get released
19:30 < bridge> <neben> I agree everyone's opinion is important, but tbh but this logic doesnt apply since developers kinda do what they want on the game. Maps have been destroyed, 2 of Pipou's maps, or Pulsars maps, because of changes they made.
19:30 < bridge> <learath2> What is not solely up to them is to just introduce completely new points structures, seasonal maps, new categories. These kinds of larger changes we'd like to have input on if you'll allow us that courtesy
19:32 < bridge> <neben> I don't think so, since you have the last word about it, and you actually choose new features by yourselves without discussing with others important opinions. Indeed, this is the core of the problem, since you only trust admin's opinions, admins that mostly dont even play the game anymore
19:33 < bridge> <murpi> You're doing the exact same. Your last sentence here implies that developers responsible for maintaining the game client are deliberately causing issues with people's maps, which is obviously not the case.
19:36 < bridge> <murpi> > admins that mostly dont even play the game anymore
19:36 < bridge> <murpi> This also has no relevancy and is in fact false.
19:36 < bridge> <neben> I agree, it's not solely up to them. Thats why I've been asking for more transparency about the needed discussion
19:37 < bridge> <neben> I'm saying that they taking important decisions without prior discussions.
19:37 < bridge> <neben> I'm saying that they're taking important decisions without prior discussions.
19:37 < bridge> <learath2> I don't get what relevance this has. The only way I can make any sense of it is if you are implying we should just not do anything and replace ourselves with the testers
19:39 < bridge> <neben> It is relevant, since they dont actually play the maps that need to be move in the new categories
19:40 < bridge> <neben> It is relevant, since they dont actually play the maps that need to be move in the new categories, and understand in a tangible way why it is important to have them, as they might not have a gamer perspective
19:42 < bridge> <murpi> This is entirely irrelevant to the issue we're attempting to address.
19:42 < bridge> <neben> It is relevant that testers opinions, especially the lead tester, are important too in the decision making process
19:43 < bridge> <learath2> What part of the decision making process. The process of picking maps is entirely up to the testing leader. We don't even impose any criteria, exactly because none of us claim to have great judgement of what makes a good map
19:44 < bridge> <neben> The actual issue, is the work being postponed because the lead tester is not as much entrusted as admins. Also we know this isnt only about people's authority, we know Pipou, and its not just a lead tester
19:44 < bridge> <learath2> Just because you delegate some part of management to a team doesn't make that team the sole authority on everything
19:44 < bridge> <neben> The actual issue, is the work being postponed because the lead tester is not as much entrusted as admins. Also we know this isnt only about people's authority, we know Pipou, and he's not just a lead tester
19:45 < bridge> <learath2> Work is not being postponed. We'd like to hear from your beloved testing leader about his proposed changes and why he thinks they are the way to go. It's not an insane ask you know
19:47 < bridge> <learath2> It's just not in the scope of his duties to decide that alone, period. It's not a very complex system. If he thinks we are inept, he should contact us and let us know. Not just start making decisions on his own
19:47 < bridge> <murpi> It appears to be the case because my sanity is slowly eroding.
19:49 < bridge> <learath2> I know exactly the issue at hand here. Perks of being here for an entire decade I still remember the 2 testing teams of the past that just started deciding things on their own
19:49 < bridge> <Ewan> well i don't know how you could possibly do any better than apple at it, i'm just saying the build quality is great & there are androids out there with good quality too (modern samsungs with the glass are nice) but that's not my point
19:49 < bridge> <Ewan> it's just one of the factors that makes me like the iphone better
19:49 < bridge> <Ewan> android unrelated
19:49 < bridge> <learath2> FWIW. I'm even okay with the changes. I'm not okay with it not being discussed with us at all
19:49 < bridge> <murpi> It's akin to constantly reiterating oneself, only to have others persistently ignore or fail to comprehend the message.
19:50 < bridge> <learath2> So you are saying they can't do better than apple but they can?
19:50 < bridge> <Ewan> it's not as good imo
19:50 < bridge> <Ewan> there are little bits of plastic on samsungs still
19:50 < bridge> <Ewan> last i had one
19:50 < bridge> <neben> Sorry to erode you sanity murpi by questioning the actual decision making process.
19:51 < bridge> <learath2> Though I do get your point, apple does have good build quality most of the time
19:51 < bridge> <Ewan> i mean there's not a single aspect of my phone's build that i wish the apple designers had done differently
19:51 < bridge> <learath2> The samsung in my hand is completely glass and metal, the one I had before this one was also completely glass and metal and the one before that
19:51 < bridge> <Ewan> i guess mine has it cuz it's the z fold
19:51 < bridge> <Mr.Gh0s7> repairability?
19:52 < bridge> <Ewan> insurance/warranty
19:52 < bridge> <learath2> There was no decision making process here. That is the only issue. Decisions were made, then we were told
19:52 < bridge> <neben> Aint it an open source game? Devs do the same thing
19:52 < bridge> <learath2> I mean the thing bends. I'd love to see apple make bending glass. It's a material science issue
19:52 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah
19:52 < bridge> <Ewan> i don't think samsung is making the glass tho
19:53 < bridge> <neben> They make a new feature, and then make a pr
19:53 < bridge> <Ewan> the screens u have a point on tho since last i heard apple uses samsung screens
19:53 < bridge> <learath2> That goes both ways. If you don't like the way we operate, all the code is free, you can jost your own paradise today
19:53 < bridge> <learath2> That goes both ways. If you don't like the way we operate, all the code is free, you can host your own paradise today
19:54 < bridge> <learath2> Everyone and their mothers use samsung, lg or sony panels on all good screens
19:54 < bridge> <neben> Thats true, but we're fighting for something we love. It's not like we're want to divide everyone.
19:54 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah
19:54 < bridge> <neben> Thats true, but we're fighting for something we love. It's not like we want to divide everyone.
19:54 < bridge> <murpi> Conceptionally, those two new categories would be a lot more ...convenient? ...fitting? on an entirely different network.
19:55 < bridge> <neben> And again your voice will be more important there murpi, than Pipou's one. I don't think admins should have the last word
19:56 < bridge> <learath2> Okay now you are saying what you really mean. No need to skirt around it
19:56 < bridge> <neben> if they really want to discuss about it, they have to go on themselves and check what has been told
19:56 < bridge> <Ewan> what's even going on here
19:57 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> saturday's drama
19:57 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> üçø
19:57 < bridge> <learath2> You think Pipou should be the one to make the decisions. If Pipou thinks he should have more say in things, he should contact us, not have random people send us messages in his behest
19:58 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> does ddnet have some code docs? :justatest:
19:58 < bridge> <neben> No I think everyone should be able to make decisions, and then it'd equally be approved by others
19:58 < bridge> <learath2> @ryozuki was documenting a bit, but I think he gave up on it, too complex
19:58 < bridge> <neben> admins voice is overrated
19:58 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> does ddnet have some code docs? :justatest: (sorry to interrupt drama)
19:59 < bridge> <neben> also I'm not a random Learath, i may have been played more time on this game than you
19:59 < bridge> <murpi> That holds true when people align with my viewpoint. The concept of a 'more significant voice' does not apply here.
19:59 < bridge> <neben> Though you have been here for more years
19:59 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> where can i find it?
20:00 < bridge> <neben> I don't understand
20:00 < bridge> <learath2> Is that it? You find us to be too bad at the game to make decisions? I have thousands of hours too, I'm just not very good.
20:00 < bridge> <neben> I don't understand, the concept applies
20:00 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> skill issue
20:01 < bridge> <neben> It means that my voice is also important, since I'm also very involved in the game
20:01 < bridge> <neben> Pipou doesn't have the strength anymore to discuss, because this is just a warfield everytime
20:02 < bridge> <furooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo> You can find a bit on the wiki along with external resources linked there, <https://wiki.ddnet.org/wiki/Development>
20:02 < bridge> <furooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo> You can find a bit on the wiki along with the external resources linked there, <https://wiki.ddnet.org/wiki/Development>
20:03 < bridge> <learath2> Stop mincing your words. The last thing you care about is equal voices. You want your guys voice above ours, which is fine, you are entitled to your opinion, just not allowed to mask it as some quest for fairness.
20:03 < bridge> <neben> Okay, now you're saying what you really meant too
20:04 < bridge> <neben> Because thats absolutely not what I want tho
20:05 < bridge> <learath2> I've been completely clear in what I'm saying. Some of the latest changes are beyond the scope of duties of the testing team, period. I'm saying nothing more nothing less
20:05 < bridge> <murpi> @neben I haven't presented a fact here, but rather expressed an opinion. If others align with my viewpoint here, it holds some merit.
20:06 < bridge> <learath2> Honestly I'm really getting tired of all this useless unecessary conflict with testing teams every single time
20:06 < bridge> <neben> And tbh, I don't even understand how you could even imply that? Like bro you're just being mean for nothing. You don't know me, and I just fight for something important to me. The game is at the hands of the admins and you can't deny that.
20:06 < bridge> <neben> Also if you really think thats what I want, just put Pipou admin, and he'll have an equal voice to yours. As your system works.
20:07 < bridge> <neben> It's not a binary world, this is a game with its universe, hear people voices, not only because of their ranks
20:07 < bridge> <neben> It's not a binary world, this is a game with its universe, hear people voices, not only because of their authority
20:07 < bridge> <learath2> Not like we ever hid the fact that we make the final decision on everything. You are making it sound like this is something new
20:07 < bridge> <neben> Im contesting that.
20:08 < bridge> <learath2> If you want that to change or if you want Pipou to be an admin aswell that is another discussion. But currently the changes they decided on are beyond the scope of their task, and we'd like to just hear something about it
20:08 < bridge> <learath2> In no other context is this ever okay. If you don't agree with some structure you don't get to just start acting outside it
20:09 < bridge> <neben> Are you saying that someone opinion that dont align with yours has less merit ?
20:10 < bridge> <learath2> For the record, I would actually have been completely okay with having pipou be an admin
20:10 < bridge> <murpi> No, i'm saying the exact opposite.
20:11 < bridge> <neben> I respect that
20:12 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> dont worry guys, i already found it :owo:
20:12 < bridge> <neben> The scope should be bigger.
20:13 < bridge> <neben> If i don't agree with the structure, I ask for it, like I'm doing
20:13 < bridge> <learath2> I'd love to talk about that with our testing leader, when he is back around
20:13 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> when can we talk about me becoming an admin? :thonk:
20:14 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> @murpi one day... ull take that :justatest: back
20:15 < bridge> <neben> This is also not true for Learath since he just put a period very fast on the discussion
20:15 < bridge> <Ewan> Can I be an admin
20:15 < bridge> <Ewan> I‚Äôll make ddnet great again
20:15 < bridge> <murpi> Uhm... remember the swap hook exploit?
20:15 < bridge> <learath2> You asked for it. No one did before this, you expect us to be clairvoyant aswell?
20:16 < bridge> <murpi> I'd probably have to be more precise on that since we've had so many swap exploits üò¨
20:17 < bridge> <neben> This is so untrue, as you said so much people have complained and this is not for nothing, it means there is an actual problem whatever it is
20:17 < bridge> <murpi> I'd probably have to be more precise since we've had so many swap exploits üò¨
20:17 < bridge> <learath2> I'm not saying my opinion has more merit than yours. (Eventhough you are saying yours has more merit than mine). I'm just saying due to the way ddnet is set up currently. Technically the only person with any right to make any decision is deen. He delegated that job to a team of admins. We all delegated the map approval part of it to the testing team
20:17 < bridge> <neben> Go on. Transparency is welcomed.
20:17 < bridge> <teero777> we need a discussion channel. this is spam.
20:17 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> sh
20:18 < bridge> <murpi> You can ask Pipou himself. I don't like sharing other peoples secrets.
20:18 < bridge> <learath2> It's not an extremely confusing structure, nor is it very fair, but it is how things currently are
20:19 < bridge> <Mr.Gh0s7> we also spam here about deving though :justatest:
20:19 < bridge> <learath2> No one complained to us. The only time anyone from the testing team ever contacted me is to see if they could either yoink Pipou's spot or if they could become co-testing lead
20:21 < bridge> <learath2> There is no huge testing complaints building up over years, it's a fantasy situation. You can't expect anyone to know things they aren't told. If you have a problem, you talk, like you are doing here. Talking about it with your friends in secret dm groups we are not in is not enough
20:22 < bridge> <neben> Don't worry I'm not saying my opinion matters more than yours, in fact that is the opposite.
20:22 < bridge> <neben> I understand the actual structure about decision making process, and I contest a part of it which is the last word about any changes being done. Because in the end, it means others voice dont matter, if you don't agree.
20:23 < bridge> <learath2> We don't have one, it'll havw yo do for tonight
20:23 < bridge> <learath2> We don't have one, it'll have to do for tonight
20:23 < bridge> <teero777> k
20:25 < bridge> <learath2> If everyone gets to make decisions then there is chaos. Not like any single one of us can make any decisions on our own either. The last word is not any single persons ever. Even in development, you won't ever see any of us merging our own PRs. Nor will you see outside PRs ever merged without extensive discussion. Whatever feature you hate the most: go take a look at it's PR, it'll have either dozens of comments in github or hours of discussions i
20:26 < bridge> <neben> I also think that features developed by admins shouldn't only be discussed with admins.
20:27 < bridge> <learath2> All PRs are public. There is no secret pipeline everything is submitted to the same place and goes through the same RC process
20:27 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> WHERE ARE MY STARS
20:28 < bridge> <neben> Yes of course, to a dark place most of the players dont even come in
20:28 < bridge> <neben> I partially agree but this is not convenient, no one is 100% available to see that a new pr has been done and  is game changing
20:28 < bridge> <learath2> Quick thought experiment for you. Let's say heinrich's hammer change is happening right now. Of the 5 admins, 3 want it in, 2 don't care. You don't want it, Konsti doesn't want it. The rest of the community didn't raise any opinion. What happens?
20:29 < bridge> <learath2> Do we merge or not?
20:29 < bridge> <neben> We ask for more opinions in announcements for example
20:30 < bridge> <learath2> Not my fault if people don't want to involve themselves in the process. We have 2-3 week RCs where it's trivial to review changes just by downloading the new client. We take months on github and discord. I'm not sure how to make it more accessible
20:31 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> write me in dm everty change u want to make. itd be accessible enough for me
20:31 < bridge> <learath2> Okay opinions came out, 60 people voted, 50 are okay with it but are not very well known players. 10 don't like it, but they are top racers. What happens?
20:31 < bridge> <neben> You're doing a very good job with the new rc system, but there's no pr for pipou's work its just admins
20:32 < bridge> <murpi> ...What
20:32 < bridge> <learath2> Okay hypothetically say we open all the gameplay decisions to a similar RC and PR process, would you be okay with decisions that come out of that? I doubt it because the same system birthed many of the features you don't like
20:33 < bridge> <learath2> S/gameplay/management/
20:34 < bridge> <learath2> If people don't involve themselves in decisions it'll still be the same handful of people deciding things is what I'm trying to get at
20:34 < bridge> <neben> It's not just binary, the hammer is way more game-changing than the new categoriess
20:34 < bridge> <marmare_314> I dont think that its not accessible enough, but for non-developers this whole proccess might be a bit intimidating/unkown. Im not saying it should be changed, but maybe there should be an explanation of how to get involved if there is not already.
20:36 < bridge> <learath2> A week or so ago someone had a decent idea of making a post update poll/forum of sorts on discord, that might help a bit but it'll still be an extremely biased sample of people that probably already cared enough to participate in the RC testing
20:36 < bridge> <neben> this is not enough to judge a new feature
20:36 < bridge> <learath2> It's worth trying imo, but if people don't participate it'll still be us who decides things. I can't force people to care
20:37 < bridge> <learath2> So when can we make changes?
20:37 < bridge> <neben> Maybe you need more admins. With more diversity of experience and players
20:37 < bridge> <learath2> Now this is a good suggestion that I've been thinking actively about
20:37 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> me. me. meeee
20:37 < bridge> <neben> Maybe you need more admins. With more diversity of experience and players, mappers
20:38 < bridge> <vy0x2> I trust the people who are spending their time to contribute and even tho i do not agree with some changes, thats the way this project is being developed. And if a group of players is thinking otherwise, they are free to create another project
20:38 < bridge> <murpi> Am I not good enough? :(
20:38 < bridge> <learath2> Or maybe an expansion of the role of testing leader. But these need to be discussed. I can't make decisions on my own. I know how undemocratic it is to have us make all the decisions but internally you can be sure that there is not a single decision that doesn't go through atleast 2 people
20:39 < bridge> <learath2> Apparently not. Have you tried getting more r1s?
20:39 < bridge> <murpi> Ra...rank ones? I.. I can't rank one with high ping :(
20:40 < bridge> <neben> thats exactly that, he actively contributed, yet is put aside although being an important contributer
20:40 < bridge> <learath2> Actually you are probably the only admin that the racers like, and maybe snail because he used to be insane üòÑ
20:41 < bridge> <learath2> To contribute, we need to talk. This is all we ask for. It's seriously not as big an issue as whoever you heard it from
20:42 < bridge> <neben> I used to love you before you weirdly implied stuffs, which you shouldn't even
20:42 < bridge> <learath2> Also we need to keep playing together. I need more points so I can also be allowed an opinion on this game I spent half of my life on to contribute to
20:42 < bridge> <murpi> Speaking of THE hammer change. It‚Äôs human nature not to realize the true value of something, unless they lose it. I've talked to so many people about it, they can't even imagine playing without it
20:43 < bridge> <murpi> Same goes for the freezebar, it's such a good upgrade compared to the stars.
20:44 < bridge> <neben> I actually like all the admins, and always defended them in front of Pipou and others. I'm very involved with how things are structured on this game, this is why i wanted to enhance a discussion that almost instantly become a warfield, and finished by a period of an admin
20:45 < bridge> <neben> I actually like all the admins, and always defended them in front of Pipou and others. I'm very involved with how things are structured on this game, this is why i wanted to enhance a discussion that almost instantly became a warfield, and finished by a period of an admin
20:45 < bridge> <learath2> Can you please point out the "period"? Because I'm sure there is some misunderstanding. The only period I put was when explaining how things CURRENTLY work
20:45 < bridge> <murpi> Weeell, since you were so busy with studies, I kinda stopped asking you. :feelsbadman:
20:46 < bridge> <learath2> I'm done now :Celebrate: We can go back to having fun
20:46 < bridge> <neben> well that is a confusing message, thats why
20:48 < bridge> <learath2> Let me better clarify that specific message. As things currently stand, there is a certain group of tasks that are delegated to the testing team. Some of the changes they want are not part of any of the tasks given, so must be discussed further
20:49 < bridge> <ultrakeker> Me is good variant :troll:
20:49 < bridge> <neben> Not contesting it, taking it as an example of a BIG change that has been done without enough opinions, clearly
20:49 < bridge> <learath2> In contrast some of the other changes are within their sole discretion and don't need to be discussed with anyone else. The new testing structure, the new mapping rules. It's all within what the testing leader role entails. The testing leader is given extreme liberty in testing. They are free to run it however they like
20:51 < bridge> <learath2> He can test maps according to whatever criteria he thinks is appropriate, with as many or as little people as he likes in whatever order he likes
20:51 < bridge> <murpi> @learath2 Do you remember the PR count with "the" hammer change?
20:52 < bridge> <learath2> If he told us he wanted to release all short maps under the already existing race category that's completely within his rights (even though we'd love to hear about such a drastic change in map length it is still completely up to him)
20:53 < bridge> <neben> And I think that their opinion as really good mappers and game designer, is important
20:53 < bridge> <neben> It's true its called testing, but it's also managing the whole mapping section, their opinion about categories is important
20:53 < bridge> <murpi> Ah it's #1922 I think
20:53 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/1922
20:53 < bridge> <neben> maybe just give by default the admin role to the testing leader
20:54 < bridge> <learath2> And we agree that their expertise in that is sooo important that they get to do testing however they like, no questions asked, do you ever see us stop a map release or force one?
20:55 < bridge> <neben> No thats why I'm saying you already entrust them in managing maps, which include categories
20:56 < bridge> <neben> also there is a problem of connexion between testers and admins, putting the testing leader admin might be a fix
20:56 < bridge> <learath2> That seems to be where we disagree. We don't believe that's part of what we define as "testing". It's a wider change
20:58 < bridge> <learath2> The previous testing leader was an admin and it was indeed fairly frictionless. It might be a good idea to ensure all new testing leads will be admins aswell
21:00 < bridge> <neben> I'll move on now. No hard feelings, thanks a lot for listening @murpi and you, this was I think an important topic
21:01 < bridge> <murpi> https://heinrich5991.github.io/blog/blog/one-tick-unfreeze
21:01 < bridge> <murpi> This seems to explain the change quite well
21:01 < bridge> <learath2> Please pass on the message that we just have some concerns and would like to chat. It really doesn't have to be hostile, we all want the same thing, a healthy game and nice maps to play
21:02 < bridge> <MilkeeyCat> Who was prev testing leader?
21:02 < bridge> <learath2> This change mostly went through when we figured out that it's possible to do this with vanilla teeworlds just as long as you have hammer bound to mwheel
21:03 < bridge> <murpi> Yeah, I see.
21:03 < bridge> <learath2> At that point without any way to prevent it without breaking tons of maps, the only solution was to make it just a feature everyone can use without weird hacks
21:03 < bridge> <neben> Very good to know tbh, I used to think that and started to think otherwise, lets keep thinking like that
21:04 < bridge> <learath2> The one and only jao, he who had the only troubleless testing spree
21:05 < bridge> <marmare_314> Might be a bit non-developer-friendly. It could be nice to get some more feedback on PRs before they are released. But to be honest I'm not completely conviced of the quality of the feedback. But definitely worth a try.
21:06 < bridge> <learath2> Problem that I fail to get across to people every time this comes up is the fact that it's incredibly hard to get an unbiased sample of the community
21:06 < bridge> <marmare_314> What do admins actually do :thonk:
21:07 < bridge> <learath2> Just management of servers, management of moderators and final decisions on big changes
21:07 < bridge> <murpi> Alternatively, you could adopt an approach similar to our moderator staff, where there is no designated leader, and decisions are made through a democratic process. ;)
21:07 < bridge> <marmare_314> I think what we need are mandatory votes ingame before being able to join a server
21:08 < bridge> <learath2> Day to day it's mostly server management, ddos sampling and some renames of players
21:09 < bridge> <murpi> I had a similar idea: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/4649
21:09 < bridge> <murpi> Yes and No aren't really opinions but it's stil lbetter than nothing
21:09 < bridge> <learath2> Problem is that very few people qualified to test on the level we want even exist. It's been the issue for years
21:10 < bridge> <cyberFighter> what hammer change
21:10 < bridge> <murpi> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1160290707609751694
21:11 < bridge> <murpi> Yes and No votes aren't really opinions but it's stil lbetter than nothing
21:11 < bridge> <cyberFighter> oh that one was a good change
21:11 < bridge> <murpi> Yes and No votes aren't really opinions but it's still better than nothing
21:11 < bridge> <learath2> The closest system we had was the Welf, RayB, jao coalition, which I kinda liked tbh but they had to go ruin
21:11 < bridge> <learath2> Do you have 10k points?
21:11 < bridge> <marmare_314> Doesnt seem like such a desirable role after all üòÑ
21:11 < bridge> <cyberFighter> no but i played before ddnet existed
21:11 < bridge> <cyberFighter> so i still count
21:12 < bridge> <murpi> Day to day having to fix things due cosmic rays
21:12 < bridge> <murpi> Day to day having to fix things due to cosmic rays
21:13 < bridge> <learath2> The mundane management part I kinda like. I hate this sort of confrontational "debate" whenever there is a change
21:14 < bridge> <marmare_314> doesnt actually sound like a horrible idea. But if people only have 2 minutes to decide the kind of polls you can run seem fairly limited. How would you even decide if you want the hammer change in 2 minutes?
21:16 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe a broadcast when we get close to big changes inviting people to join the discussion if they care
21:17 < bridge> <learath2> Like "In 1 week DDNet 17.3 will be shipping with big changes, join the discussion on Discord"
21:17 < bridge> <cyberFighter> BIG CHANGES
21:17 < bridge> <cyberFighter> @_voxeldoesart
21:17 < bridge> <learath2> It's impossible to summarize a change like the hammer change in a vote
21:18 < bridge> <cyberFighter> is that an example or is hammer actually getting changed again
21:18 < bridge> <learath2> Funnily enough, one entire half of this community get almost no say on anything. China is as big as the entirety of all the other regions
21:19 < bridge> <murpi> That's actually the goal of the issue. To get input from them.
21:19 < bridge> <cyberFighter> i mean arent most people who vote no old players
21:20 < bridge> <cyberFighter> and like 99% of the chinese playerbase is newish
21:20 < bridge> <murpi> Maybe we could reinvent the client news page, and get feedback from there instead.
21:21 < bridge> <chairn> well, there's the same representation problem in federation and in UN
21:21 < bridge> <learath2> This is why I was very skeptical of the equal voice take. Almost everyone thinks some voices are more important than others, it's usually whose that's disagreed on
21:21 < bridge> <marmare_314> I think thats the best we can do, invite people to the discussion. But asking for opinions after merging sounds like a lot of pain
21:21 < bridge> <chairn> well, there's the same representation problem in federations like USA and in UN
21:22 < bridge> <learath2> I actually like this more. Though I think some people disable even that
21:23 < bridge> <marmare_314> Or just a highlighted chat message even?
21:23 < bridge> <learath2> Though I guess the kind of person who disables the news page also has opinions strong enough that they'll show up anyway üòÑ
21:24 < bridge> <murpi> Deactivate it? How? In my opinion, the news page seems to be quite hidden. üòÖ You have to click twice to access the news page when you're already in the browser. First, on the top left corner (which takes you back to the main menu), and then once more on the not-so-easily noticeable news button in the bottom left.
21:25 < bridge> <murpi> People probably click it once on the first startup, but then never again. At least that's what im thinking
21:26 < bridge> <murpi> Ah wait, isn't there an option to disable the main menu entirely?
21:26 < bridge> <learath2> I think there was a skip news setting, though maybe I'm thinking of skip main menu
21:26 < bridge> <chairn> it automatically shows up when there's a news
21:26 < bridge> <murpi> That's bad. üòÖ
21:27 < bridge> <learath2> It's supposed to come up when there is news yeah
21:27 < bridge> <chairn> but there's a setting to disable it thanks to people like me üòÑ
21:27 < bridge> <chairn> i remember asking something like that
21:27 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, yeah if you disable that you are probably already showing up to feature discussions you care about
21:28 < bridge> <learath2> The target demographic is polling people that are neutral or care but miss the discussion because github is foreign to them
21:28 < bridge> <chairn> in my case yes, for other people, it's just unexpected to start the game on a news page rather than in the menu or browser
21:43 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> big changes??
21:43 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> whatd i miss
21:44 < bridge> <cyberFighter> reddit gold
21:44 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> big changus
21:51 < bridge> <learath2> Apparently we don‚Äôt
22:06 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> whats even happening in 17.3
23:08 < bridge> <reitw> what was the tv show which was showing tw?
23:09 < bridge> <reitw> tv or internet
23:47 < bridge> <teero777> whennn
