00:39 < bridge> <melo∆û> :poggers2:
02:13 < bridge> <zhn> @heinrich5991 im sorry for ping again, but did token connection (0.7) work in libtw2? seems it fails on `is_receive_chunk_still_valid(...)` on every 0.7 control message with client token
02:14 < bridge> <zhn> netconnection just ignores that packet because its always false
02:18 < bridge> <zhn> ah wait
02:18 < bridge> <zhn> this assumption is wrong, something is going on feed
02:35 < bridge> <zhn> got it, `feed_impl(..)` of `net.rs` in `net` crate doesn't cover 0.7's first packet since `Packet::read(...)` parses it as `PacketConnected` with `type_ = ConnectedPacketType::Chunks` with only relevant field `token`
02:52 < bridge> <zhn> ahhhh there are different implementations for protocols... and protocol7 is unused...
02:52 < bridge> <zhn> okey i got it
03:54 < bridge> <learath2> Armenia? That's random üòÑ
03:54 < bridge> <learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292304041254322187/image.png?ex=67033f6d&is=6701eded&hm=de4404a6d4552b930fe074c5063ba0f4cd55411e85a4bfff083601ab7ca34601&
04:41 < bridge> <learath2> Btw did y‚Äôall see Valve managed to break through the wayland stalemate that has been holding back that vsync proposal?
05:14 < bridge> <datarevealer> I`m Russia, I don't know English language üò´
06:07 < bridge> <Ewan> no, i'm curious
06:07 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe this is valve's destiny
06:08 < bridge> <Ewan> they will bring working linux to us
07:03 < bridge> <triki> after update to 18.6 my own server settings is default.
07:03 < bridge> <triki> how to change rcon and other settings back?
07:03 < bridge> <triki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292351402705948783/image.png?ex=67036b89&is=67021a09&hm=750d9cddf595d3523f9ff8411371be373eeb5c2178dd3bcf95a353277818f870&
07:12 < bridge> <totar> you should put your settings into a new file called "myServerConfig.cfg" which will not be reset on updates because it doesn't conflict with the name of a downloaded file
07:17 < bridge> <triki> where is a blank? i cant find
07:18 < bridge> <triki> and where is that need located?
07:19 < bridge> <triki> ig same as autoexec_server.cfg
07:26 < bridge> <triki> OH FCK, its not about where is cfg. its about overwrite  my old cfg setting and i just lost my old setting at all.
08:49 < bridge> <exen9_11> $deepl
08:49 < bridge> <DDNet> Hi! Most of us communicate in English. If you‚Äôre having trouble with English, use <https://www.deepl.com/en/translator> to help you out.
08:49 < bridge> <exen9_11> good bot
08:49 < bridge> <DDNet> :3
09:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @learath2 it finally works and doesn't swap operands xd
09:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292388896998690826/image.png?ex=67038e74&is=67023cf4&hm=1aeac824db2e43ef18735fc9f081f0f09901aee11455ad9e7d0dbe53f2ff0a4b&
09:37 < bridge> <teero777> mafs
10:29 < bridge> <triki> its possible to do smth like this but its dont work.
10:29 < bridge> <triki> bind kp_2 "rcon_login "" test4321 ; rcon_login "" 123"
11:01 < bridge> <triki> its possible to do smth like this and worked.
11:01 < bridge> <triki> bind kp_2 "rcon_login "" test4321 ; rcon_login "" 123"
11:01 < bridge> <milkeeycat> also I just realized I was releasing stack myself by generating `add rsp, imm` and I use `leave` instruction :bluestripe:
11:14 < bridge> <zhiskii> —Å–∫–∏–±–∏–¥–∏ –≤–∞–ø–∞–ø–∞ —Å–∫–∏–±–∏–¥–∏ –≤–∞–ø–∞–ø–∞–ø–∞ —Å–∫–∏–±–∏–¥–∏
11:26 < bridge> <learath2> Wayland had big governance issues, with the project having looong dragged out merge reviews. This particular vsync issue had been talked about for years and a couple people were just blocking it. So Valve just went around them and established a separate process to get protocols in there called "frog-protocols". Basically a process wherein experimental processes can be developed incrementally.
11:26 < bridge> <learath2> 
11:26 < bridge> <learath2> This seems to have waken up the wayland-protocols governance people up from their eternal slumber. Now it seems there will be some very nice governance policy changes coming to wayland
11:26 < bridge> <learath2> Woooo
11:26 < bridge> <robyt3> You should create `myServerconfig.cfg` in your config directory so it's not lost by updates
15:20 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @learath2 i did packer :poggers2: look at this beauty https://github.com/MilkeeyCat/ddnet-meraki/blob/master/main.mk
15:21 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it doesn't have syntax highlighting tho :feelsbadman:
16:18 < bridge> <learath2> Contact github
17:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> multiple return values, when?
17:08 < bridge> <zhn> tuples when*
17:08 < bridge> <jxsl13> not tuples
17:08 < bridge> <jxsl13> but also tuples
17:08 < bridge> <jxsl13> in addition to multiple return values
17:09 < bridge> <zhn> if you have tuples in your lang you don't need multiple return values xd
17:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> I want multiple return values
17:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> D:
17:09 < bridge> <zhn> its meraki
17:09 < bridge> <zhn> not goraki xd
17:09 < bridge> <zhn> :justatest:
17:10 < bridge> <jxsl13> m stands for MultiplE Return aki
17:10 < bridge> <jxsl13> MultiplE Return aki
17:11 < bridge> <jxsl13> MultiplE Return AKI
17:23 < bridge> <milkeeycat> C doesn't have tuples so probably never xd
17:24 < bridge> <jxsl13> not tuples D:
17:25 < bridge> <jxsl13> is it not possible to wrap return values as C structs?
17:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> > We try only to add languages once they have some usage on GitHub. In most cases we prefer that each new file extension be in use in at least 200 unique :user/:repo repositories before supporting them in Linguist
17:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://github.com/github-linguist/linguist/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
17:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> 
17:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> All I have to do is ask chiller to make 1 repo on each of his github accounts üò¨
17:39 < bridge> <milkeeycat> What do I need next? xd
17:40 < bridge> <zhn> interpreter
17:40 < bridge> <zhn> :justatest:
17:41 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i wanna connect a tee to ddnet server
17:41 < bridge> <milkeeycat> and I implemented packer, what do I need next :thonk:
17:43 < bridge> <zhn> grab libtw2/gamenet and rewrite it to feet ur language
17:44 < bridge> <zhn> then do epic generate and generate 0.6 protocol structs
17:44 < bridge> <zhn> but i think you need to check out network.h/cpp in src/engine
17:48 < bridge> <learath2> Next step is implementing `CNetPacketConstruct` and `CNetChunk`
17:48 < bridge> <zhn> huh
17:49 < bridge> <zhn> then next `CNetBase` and `CNetConnection`
17:49 < bridge> <learath2> Well idk if he wants to completely mimic that part, but he will definitely need the ability to pack chunks and those chunks into packets. After that, he has everything needed to generate a valid packet that can be parsed
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> I guess `CNetConnection` you pretty much have to mimic exactly, but the connection level protocol isn't very complicated anyway.
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> -> `CONNECT`
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> <- `CONNECTACCEPT`
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> -> `ACCEPT` (pretty much useless iirc)
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> After you get a connection up, you need a small exchange on the engine level where you can just ignore everything since you want to just get a tee in there
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> -> `NETMSG_INFO`
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> <- `NETMSG_MAP_CHANGE`
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> -> `NETMSG_READY`
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> <- `NETMSG_CON_READY`
17:58 < bridge> <learath2> And finally iirc you just need to send 2 game messages startinfo and readytoenter
17:58 < bridge> <learath2> And finally iirc you just need to send 2 game messages startinfo and enter_game
18:21 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Is there any description somewhere what `CNetPacketConstruct` and `CNetChunk` is used for? :justatest:
18:22 < bridge> <learath2> `network.h` has some documentation on it but libtw2 has it cleaner
18:52 < bridge> <Ewan> Oh I saw that. I didn‚Äôt know the frog guy was valve affiliated
18:56 < bridge> <rutsu0264_98592> –ï–º –ø—Ä–∏–≤–µ—Ç?
18:56 < bridge> <rutsu0264_98592> –¢—É—Ç –º–æ–∂–Ω–æ –≥–æ–≤–æ—Ä–∏—Ç—å –ø–æ —Ä—É—Å—Å–∫–∏?
18:56 < bridge> <zhn> $deepl
18:56 < bridge> <DDNet> Hi! Most of us communicate in English. If you‚Äôre having trouble with English, use <https://www.deepl.com/en/translator> to help you out.
18:57 < bridge> <oxyzo.> –í #off-topic –¥–∞.
18:58 < bridge> <rutsu0264_98592> –ë—É–¥—É —Ä–∞–¥–∞ –±–∏—Ç—å —É –≤–∞—Å –≤ –∫–æ–º–ø–∞–Ω–∏–∏=>
18:59 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> whos in charge of deciding what community servers are
19:00 < bridge> <jxsl13> there seemingly is not even a definition or set if rules for how to get that status.
19:00 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> i phrased that a bit badly
19:00 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> sorry
19:01 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> well i have noticed that one of the communities is just absolutely filled with cheaters and im not exactly sure if their moderators are doing anything about it
19:01 < bridge> <jxsl13> that's their problem, imo
19:02 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> then they shouldnt be allowed to be in the list
19:02 < bridge> <jxsl13> why not
19:02 < bridge> <jxsl13> is there a rule?
19:02 < bridge> <jxsl13> there are seemingly no rules
19:02 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> not that i know of but isnt it kind of stupid?
19:03 < bridge> <jxsl13> should the server hoster be liable for what their users do?
19:03 < bridge> <jxsl13> I hope not
19:04 < bridge> <jxsl13> imagine being the hoster of the community servers
19:04 < bridge> <jxsl13> how would you fix the problem
19:05 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> actually moderate the servers
19:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> 24/7 yourself?
19:05 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> as if mod teams dont exist
19:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> dunno, how many mods does fokko have?
19:06 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> a few but it doesnt really matter since he does ban cheaters most of the times
19:06 < bridge> <jxsl13> is it a requirement to have moderated servers to be part of that community list?
19:07 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> i dont know but imo it should
19:07 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> what if a player starts cheating because they saw others cheating in the community servers just fine
19:07 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> and ddnet is super against cheating
19:07 < bridge> <reitw> anyone is against cheating lol
19:07 < bridge> <reitw> you'd ban ddnet if their anticheat can't catch a new cheat client ?
19:07 < bridge> <jxsl13> maybe that's just a toxic community and there is something fundamentally wrong with that community.
19:07 < bridge> <reitw> for eg
19:08 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> no
19:08 < bridge> <reitw> there's no reason to kick a server from the community then
19:09 < bridge> <reitw> anyone tries their best to avoid cheaters, some have the luck to use some anticheats like noby's one
19:09 < bridge> <reitw> others just ban after checking a report
19:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> I think you are  speaking from a user perspective and have never experienced the hoster side yourself, cyberfighter.
19:09 < bridge> <reitw> a game with 0 cheater is a dead game with no players lmao
19:10 < bridge> <jxsl13> there are multi billion dollar companies fighting cheaters, I have yet to hear that they won that fight.
19:15 < bridge> <zhn> admin team
19:16 < bridge> <zhn> which one?
19:16 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> requiem
19:16 < bridge> <zhn> xd
19:16 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> smth bout it?
19:16 < bridge> <zhn> requiem hosted by 1 or 2 teenagers with no actual experience in moderating the game
19:17 < bridge> <zhn> i think every linear map magnets bunch of cheaters
19:17 < bridge> <zhn> le bunch
19:17 < bridge> <learath2> Currently no rules, but we are actively discussing some rules. I do agree that we should expect some things of communities to be listed on the top right
19:18 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> i mean idk i expect communities to be moderated at least a little bit
19:18 < bridge> <jxsl13> retrospectively applying rules will be fun
19:19 < bridge> <avolicious> Have you ever moderated a community? Not only talking about teeworlds, in general üòÑ
19:19 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> yeah
19:20 < bridge> <learath2> It'll be simple this time. Atleast I'm of the opinion of "no discussions". Your community no longer qualifies to be in the community pane. Please re-apply after you fulfill the requirements
19:21 < bridge> <avolicious> Moderation is hard & doesnt scale well in the voluntary business.
19:21 < bridge> <avolicious> 
19:21 < bridge> <avolicious> Basically you need 24/7 moderation, where atleast 1 moderator is available all the time
19:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> wasn't there some comunity exception from the beginning, was it kog?
19:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> Kinda remember there being some discussion
19:21 < bridge> <learath2> I'm guessing he is more referring to the fact that there is actually 0 attempt at moderation here. I think we can expect atleast best effort moderation from communities
19:22 < bridge> <zhn> thats not whats cyberfighter yapping about
19:22 < bridge> <zhn> yeah lerato got da point
19:22 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> Btw i might be wrong, i havent actually checked if they tried to moderate but i did report some people on their discord
19:22 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> ill see later though
19:22 < bridge> <jxsl13> does vanilla need moderation?
19:22 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> no response yet
19:22 < bridge> <zhn> sometimes
19:22 < bridge> <learath2> Currently I don't think we have any "exceptions". All communities are pretty much treated equally. The only thing I can think of is that the ddnet community is selected by default
19:22 < bridge> <jxsl13> or a report system only?
19:23 < bridge> <zhn> aquz funvotes me everytime
19:23 < bridge> <zhn> and noobs just press f3 in 1 second
19:23 < bridge> <jxsl13> the server has decoded :'()
19:23 < bridge> <jxsl13> jk
19:23 < bridge> <zhn> it was today too, on vanilla rus
19:24 < bridge> <zhn> we got 16/16 btw
19:24 < bridge> <jxsl13> in that case, a simple reporting tool should suffice
19:24 < bridge> <jxsl13> not someone being active on a server
19:24 < bridge> <learath2> Also, @avolicious I was looking into enabling finish flags for 3rd party servers, are you still okay with the earlier design we were considering? You'd have to just do some rest api requests whenever a finish happens
19:24 < bridge> <learath2> Also, @avolicious I was looking into enabling finish flags for 3rd party servers, are you still okay with the earlier design we were considering? You'd have to just do a rest api request whenever a finish happens
19:25 < bridge> <avolicious> Yeah, we can go for REST üôÇ
19:25 < bridge> <learath2> Perfect, I'll try to whip up something by friday assuming they don't randomly assign me 5 tickets at work
19:25 < bridge> <avolicious> what params do you send?
19:25 < bridge> <avolicious> 
19:25 < bridge> <avolicious> `<rest>/?username=<username>` ?
19:26 < bridge> <jxsl13> urgh, query oarams
19:26 < bridge> <jxsl13> parame
19:26 < bridge> <avolicious> thats how GET request works üòÑ
19:26 < bridge> <jxsl13> it's a GET :0?
19:27 < bridge> <avolicious> Yeah, no post body, just asking for a username & get the result
19:27 < bridge> <jxsl13> well, forget I said anything
19:28 < bridge> <learath2> Oh, that part will probably just be internal, we can expose it probably but it'd be no use for you
19:28 < bridge> <learath2> I'm thinking `PUT /finishes/<community>/<map>/<username>` for you to insert your finishes
19:29 < bridge> <jxsl13> what happens with the data once a community looses its community status
19:29 < bridge> <avolicious> Oh, its the other way üòÑ I see
19:29 < bridge> <jxsl13> and another community with that exact same name wants to be added
19:30 < bridge> <jxsl13> king of grenade
19:30 < bridge> <jxsl13> xD
19:30 < bridge> <avolicious> its not gores tho üòÑ
19:30 < bridge> <avolicious> its grenade
19:30 < bridge> <learath2> It shouldn't be happening all the time, but if it does I guess we can delete it in 30 days or when requested. I don't think we would allow people to register the exact same community id anyway
19:31 < bridge> <jxsl13> might make sense to use ids instead of names?
19:31 < bridge> <learath2> Or maybe `POST /finishes/<community>/<map>` to allow batched inserts
19:32 < bridge> <jxsl13> assuming <community> was a name like kog
19:32 < bridge> <jxsl13> and not an id
19:32 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, the exact paths aren't that important. I wanted to check if you'd be okay with the general idea
19:32 < bridge> <learath2> eh, we assign them by hand, so idk if it's that important
19:33 < bridge> <robyt3> That's an ID. The same ID will not be used again even if another network with the same name appears
19:33 < bridge> <learath2> `POST /data/<community>/finishes/<map>` might keep it more generic too incase there is other data we want to store on behalf of third parties later
19:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> will that service be hosted on some specific subdomain in order to group community api endoints or is there some prefix like /community/id/finishes/map required?
19:40 < bridge> <learath2> Did you know that the sum of the first n cubes is equal to the (sum of the first n numbers) squared?
19:40 < bridge> <learath2> Probably something like `community.ddnet.org` for all community endpoints
19:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> hmhm
20:24 < bridge> <chairn> what am i supposed to do with this information üòÑ ?
20:34 < bridge> <jxsl13> destroy the universe
20:51 < bridge> <learath2> Use it as you please. No strings attached. You are welcome
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> does someone have an API to fetch the last player skin of a given player name?
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> gerdoe sent me the API from furo:
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddstats.tw/player/json?player=n9
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but it's way too verbose, i'd dos the server xD
21:30 < bridge> <zhn> im summoning furo
21:30 < bridge> <zhn> le furo come in fury!
21:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> come not furo
21:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292569795656552558/preview.png?ex=670436ee&is=6702e56e&hm=ea4dbcd15fedce72ea453ba8ae79e5f04d8378275105545e208d7232dd9c064f&
21:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292570606344339476/GZLBL_3W4AAY4qQ.png?ex=670437af&is=6702e62f&hm=0fac3d0033f6f9aa3407600ed4d88fee60af6f6f043903b17409b7a4a692cb71&
21:43 < bridge> <kollpotato> no way ramanujan mentioned!!!
21:43 < bridge> <kollpotato> not like i know much about him
22:12 < bridge> <furo> I'll add a route with just `profile` and one that would work with players that don't have points on DDNet.
22:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> epyc
22:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> thanks
22:50 < bridge> <furo> There we go, I have added `https://ddstats.tw/profile/json?player=n9`.
22:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> gigachad furo
22:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> working at the speed of light
22:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that was fast
22:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: im getting closer xd
22:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1292591398603853936/image.png?ex=67044b0c&is=6702f98c&hm=129337e90b0946082950ba5a2aca0fe19a37b40de23c0001f935c7693557a837&
23:00 < bridge> <totar> https://rodarmor.com/blog/whence-newline/
23:39 < bridge> <reitw> why is there json in the request
