00:47 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'm not doing the greying out now
00:54 < bridge> <tsfreddie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313654571742134378/2024-12-04_07-52-59.mp4?ex=6750eba8&is=674f9a28&hm=f69cff6c5135dec85a11203d2af4dcd95227489895d41918d023dc24d953273e&
01:02 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :pepeH:  anyone wanna argue for people wanting to self spectate but don't know how to check configs?
01:10 < bridge> <totar> merge this before heinrich sees :justatest:
01:10 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ye config. ikr
01:11 < bridge> <tsfreddie> at least it is not gameplay/input i guess.:pepeW:
01:11 < bridge> <tsfreddie> adding more dummy config is probably worse than this
02:10 < bridge> <totar> I think adding more dummy config is just explicitly forbidden
02:11 < bridge> <totar> it's in the contribution guidelines
02:11 < bridge> <totar> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md>
02:12 < bridge> <Sans> All my romanian brothers will soon be able to enjoy the game in [100% romanian](<https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9325>) :owo:
03:17 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> lol it just keeps on going
03:31 < bridge> <Sans> what is going on XD
03:32 < bridge> <tsfreddie> nothing really
04:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @robyt3 i do not really know how to exclude curses from the rest of the code. I need it in the header because i store curses pointers. And its a main client component. Not sure how to technically or conceptually seal it off.
04:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> do i need to create a separate client lib that links curses privately? That sounds hard and potentially like more git conflicts
04:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> can we just rename COLORS in ddnet it would safe me a lot of time
04:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> why is it called curses
04:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> cursor optimization
04:40 < bridge> <totar> cursors is 2 more letters?
04:40 < bridge> <totar> no 1 more
04:41 < bridge> <totar> cursors is 1more letter?
04:41 < bridge> <totar> cursors is 1 more letter?
04:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> <insert mind explosion meme here>
06:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> fuck it i rq aoc too hard
06:24 < bridge> <melo∆û> L
07:06 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I did the first part after much struggle with a rather nasty solution
07:06 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> turns out the second part is even worse
07:19 < bridge> <totar> how do I find the private tw aoc leaderboard?
07:27 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1312742062017216564
07:49 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> holy shit that took WAY too lon
07:49 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> holy shit that took WAY too long
07:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> I FORGOT AOC YESTERDAY :monkaStop: :monkaStop: :monkaStop: :monkaStop: :monkaStop: :monkaStop: :monkaStop:
07:50 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and my solution is HIDEOUS
07:50 < bridge> <melo∆û> Guys pls remind me at 16:30UTC+1 ty
07:50 < bridge> <totar> it just redirects me
07:50 < bridge> <totar> to ``https://adventofcode.com/2024/leaderboard``
07:50 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Hm :/
07:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> You need to enter the code into the private leaderboard thingie
07:51 < bridge> <totar> who has the code
07:51 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Ye, there's a code in the message above
07:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> 677828-82ec4df2
07:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
07:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://adventofcode.com/2024/leaderboard/private/view/677828
07:51 < bridge> <totar> ok
07:51 < bridge> <totar> I got it
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I wrote my solution for the second problem INSANELY inefficiently
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> ```
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Benchmark 1: make run_4x
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3>   Time (mean ¬± œÉ):     760.7 ms ¬±  11.0 ms    [User: 752.6 ms, System: 6.6 ms]
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3>   Range (min ‚Ä¶ max):   744.4 ms ‚Ä¶ 779.8 ms    10 runs
07:52 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> ```
07:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> What on earth
07:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> With your restriction?
07:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah but the reason it's that bad is that I got lazy
07:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> :kek:
07:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> Oh shit boss on his way, brb
07:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> Oh shit boss on his way, brb
07:55 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> it takes the input, duplicates it 4 times to deal with all the directions, then duplicates each of *those* O(n * m) times except removing progressively more rows or columns from each
07:56 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and then check the top left corner of every single produced table for the pattern that I'm matching
07:56 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> so really I only care about the top 3x3 of each produced table
07:59 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> some progress
07:59 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> this does include sounds from Motion Pulse, but i'll replace them further in development
07:59 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313761623659515934/robot_spawning_sounds.mp4?ex=67514f5b&is=674ffddb&hm=4a9181b3eb1898435e79c8f18c69c6546bd257c349043816233e5f82dbc2fdef&
08:01 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> ok? why did it only show two of them
08:01 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> i only made four of them so far
08:01 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313762155190816789/more_of_them_sounds.mp4?ex=67514fda&is=674ffe5a&hm=3abb4d76255b631d30f2573d183d9e4870e9bb16a4eb340e2a48bd7509db1436&
08:02 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> a lot are duplicates to pad out the other missing 3
08:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> oh well
08:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> @jupeyy_keks for when you wake up
08:05 < bridge> <totar> I'm confused what this is supposed to be
08:06 < bridge> <totar> oh nvm
08:08 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> And since duplicating the input takes O(n*m) time the whole program runs in O(n^2 \* m^2)
08:08 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> unless there's some unintuitive n^3 or m^3 term somewhere in there that I can't find right now
09:00 < bridge> <ms.warroir> Did anyone look about writtin Arabic? @ Dev
09:03 < bridge> <melo∆û> IIRC we agreed that it's way too much work because it would be a practically full rework of text rendering, no?
09:05 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> no no, this is our opportunity to start supporting vertical Japanese :greenthing:
09:06 < bridge> <ms.warroir> IIRC means?
09:06 < bridge> <ms.warroir> Feel me man.. dluow u ekil ot daer ?
09:06 < bridge> <ms.warroir> Its the chat issue
09:07 < bridge> <melo∆û> Iirc = if I remember correctly
09:09 < bridge> <ms.warroir> Leef em nam
09:10 < bridge> <melo∆û> I can read that pretty decently :NotLikeKogasa:
09:10 < bridge> <melo∆û> I understand, but it was discussed before and it seems to be a huge amount of work
09:12 < bridge> <kid.yml> why is it indicated in the game that the server is located in Russia, but in fact in Finland?
09:13 < bridge> <melo∆û> visibility, Finland is close enough to have a proper ping towards the Russian community, but they refused to play on it because of regional rankings
09:13 < bridge> <melo∆û> E.g /top5 showing RUS top times, they didn't want to be on finland
09:14 < bridge> <kid.yml> you didn't understand, the server says it's Russian, but it's hosted in Finland
09:14 < bridge> <melo∆û> That's.. what I said no?
09:15 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> It's because the community matters more than the geographical location in this case
09:16 < bridge> <kid.yml> —É –º–µ–Ω—è –ø–∏–Ω–≥ –ø—Ä–æ—Å—Ç–æ –∏ —Ç–∞–∫ 120 –±—ã–ª, —Ç–µ–ø–µ—Ä—å 160-180
09:16 < bridge> <kid.yml> my ping was just 120 anyway, now it's 160-180
09:16 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and because hosting in Finland is easier when you don't live in Russia
09:16 < bridge> <soulyvevo> bro this sounds so satisfying
09:16 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> with all the internet limitations going around it's easier to work in western countries that don't block traffic
09:19 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I think jump and getting hit by hammer are the two most important effects since you'd expect those to change based on tee and they're very often heard
09:49 < bridge> <totar> imagine sending chat messages in vertical Japanese
09:50 < bridge> <totar> it's a good thing there are no official languages that only allow vertical writing lol
10:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lol epyc
10:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> haha so nice
10:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that's exactly what i imagined
10:12 < bridge> <totar> can we turn #9318 into a NetMessageEx before it goes into the next release and permanently uses a playerflag? I don't really understand the justification to send it as a flag.
10:12 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9318
10:15 < bridge> <totar> I think the flags should be reserved for things that other clients on the server need to know, not just the server
10:35 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can do that if i can make sure message is packed along with input. i'll try
10:35 < bridge> <totar> whats the issue that not having this causes?
10:36 < bridge> <tsfreddie> other than #8810 ?
10:36 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8810
10:36 < bridge> <totar> is that it?
10:37 < bridge> <totar> is that all?
10:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> pretty much, and the tee flashing when entering freeview but that's not complained much.
10:37 < bridge> <totar> why is this bug not fixable without the flag
10:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it needs to know what coordinate the input is using
10:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it switches between world space and local space and server can't tell
10:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can send a netmessage as long as the input can be marked when it was being processed
10:39 < bridge> <totar> how does the server know to not move the angle when tee is spectating in the first place
10:39 < bridge> <totar> I'm just trying to figure out the issue
10:39 < bridge> <tsfreddie> spectating change is server-side so server issues the spec first then client adjust their target
10:39 < bridge> <totar> I see
10:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we can make all target local space pass a version maybe
10:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we can make all target local space past a version maybe
10:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> just need a version check and redo the m_ViewPos calculation to substract tee's position
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> just need a version check and redo the m_ViewPos calculation to add tee's position
10:41 < bridge> <totar> why is unspec not a server-side driven action
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> unspec is i think
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> client still need to receive the unspec state to update it's target space
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it's just the switching spaces causing issue
10:42 < bridge> <totar> so the client asks for /unspec and the server says "ok", but the client is still sending spec positions before it gets the message?
10:42 < bridge> <totar> and that causes the server to incorrectly position it's cursor?
10:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> yes
10:42 < bridge> <totar> so the client should just immedietly stop sending spec positions as soon as it asks for /unspec
10:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> spec message can be rejected and client doesn't know whether it will
10:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> let me double check on that
10:44 < bridge> <totar> ok so new idea, when the client recieves unspec it will send to the server a NetMessagEx with the exact gametick that it resumed sending "real" inputs. That way we don't need to transmit this data every signle tick
10:44 < bridge> <totar> ok so new idea, when the client recieves unspec from the server it will send to the server a NetMessagEx with the exact gametick that it resumed sending "real" inputs. That way we don't need to transmit this data every signle tick
10:45 < bridge> <totar> ok so new idea, when the client recieves unspec from the server it will send to the server a NetMessagEx with the exact gametick that it resumed sending "real" inputs. That way we don't need to transmit this data every single tick
10:45 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can try that
10:48 < bridge> <totar> another option would be to actually use the flag to it's fullest extent, and make spec a client driven action if the server permits it. Which would remove the delay when starting/stopping spec.
10:49 < bridge> <totar> I think you would need to replace the chat commands as well at that point
10:49 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think spec is server side because of clipping. if you spec a far away tee server just makes sure it is not clipped when you go into freeview
10:50 < bridge> <totar> personally I think the tee popping is less annoying than waiting for the spectate to activate
10:50 < bridge> <totar> if you're entering free view it would still work because you were already requesting the tees nearby to you
10:51 < bridge> <totar> the same issue happens if you just move your camera REALLY fast
10:51 < bridge> <tsfreddie> probably needs a new spec mode where you spec a tee, you lock your camera into a wait mode then points to that tee when the position is updated
10:51 < bridge> <tsfreddie> probably doesn't make sense to be in a fake freeview when you want to spec a tee
10:52 < bridge> <totar> but either way, if we are not going to make full use of the spec flag to let the client drive spectate then it should be replaced with the netmessage
10:52 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i also probably couldn't do that, let's revert the flag and let someone else do it. cuz i really need to get back to my own project now
10:53 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i've kinda been working on 10hr shifts just for ddnet the past week.
10:54 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'll get the revert pr out soon and i'll take a small break
10:55 < bridge> <totar> I don't think it's going into 18.8 so as long as it happens before 18.9 it should be ok
10:55 < bridge> <totar> idk if that's correct
10:55 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it is 18.9 yes
10:55 < bridge> <totar> ok
10:55 < bridge> <tsfreddie> if you can remember to revert it if i somehow when afk for a month
10:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> if you can remember to revert it if i somehow went afk for a month
10:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> that would be great too
10:56 < bridge> <totar> I'm gonna wait a couple days just to think about it
10:57 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it is weird that heinrich doesn't care about it tho, i was expecting a bigger reaction from him
10:57 < bridge> <totar> deen merged it very fast
10:57 < bridge> <totar> idk why
10:57 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but heinrich can just veto and revert no?
10:57 < bridge> <totar> yeah but he has to open another PR
10:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> he can just veto in comment first.
10:58 < bridge> <totar> there is more responsibility put onto the PR author to make good decisions when deen merges your PR in 12 hours lol
10:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i guess
10:59 < bridge> <EGYT> is it translantion update time yet?
10:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i tried to be clear on what shouldn't be merged so quickly, probably wasn't clear enough.
10:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it is
11:01 < bridge> <EGYT> okey-dokey
11:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> btw i was trying to go through our backlog and couldn't find anything to work on
11:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oof
11:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> btw i was trying to go through our issue backlog and couldn't find anything to work on
11:05 < bridge> <tsfreddie> a lot of them are not closed after fixed too
11:06 < bridge> <totar> you should report those to someone
11:06 < bridge> <totar> if they're actually fixed
11:06 < bridge> <totar> I'm sure if you made a list and ping someone they'd fix them
11:06 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @ deen on github doesn't seem to work maybe he's inbox is quite crowed
11:06 < bridge> <totar> just use discord
11:07 < bridge> <totar> I'm sure a few of the maintainers backread this whole chat
11:07 < bridge> <tsfreddie> sure
11:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> his name is def-
11:09 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'm pretty sure i tagged the right account
11:09 < bridge> <tsfreddie> <a:catbite:1080459483345584160>
11:09 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'm just saying it's deen
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We all tagged https://github.com/deen once.
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Let's face it
11:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i don't think i've done that
11:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> never seen this profile
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> His inbox be like:
11:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> "Deen PLEASE HELP, MY SAVIOR PLEASE"
11:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> someone write a script loop through issues and check who's done it
11:17 < bridge> <totar> this guy did 1 action over 13 years lol
11:17 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :justatest: stalker
11:21 < bridge> <EGYT> have I?
11:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @tsfreddie wtf is that white border in your video in your pr
11:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i don't plan on getting that in tbh
11:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but it is just a spec mode indicator and the border tells you the camera is locked
11:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah lol
11:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i prefer either a unpause instruction or a camera locked icon
11:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but looks funny
11:30 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think it is pretty cool but a bit obnoxious  :kek:
11:31 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i kinda want to just add a fixed border always when you are spectating. but that might be more obnoxious to some people.
11:31 < bridge> <tsfreddie> like a camera viewfinder feeling type of thing
11:32 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ~~this is all unnecessary if we just remove self spec tho~~
11:39 < bridge> <totar> Next time you should include a new config variable to ensure it gets reviewed carefully :kek:
11:39 < bridge> <tsfreddie> üò¨
11:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> let me remove the config to turn of spec cursor real quick lol
11:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> although those config is probably arguable tho, maybe the old behavior thing can be removed, if someone says they uses dyncam to spec all the time imma just say just zoom and deal with it, it is not gameplay related nor has any effect in-game.
11:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> although those config is probably arguable tho, maybe the old behavior toggle can be removed, if someone says they uses dyncam to spec all the time imma just say just zoom and deal with it, it is not gameplay related nor has any effect in-game.
13:14 < bridge> <murpi> Yes, this should be simple to implement. On a related note, there's currently no check to prevent duplicate skin names either
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> true, at some point we probably need a bot that can handle all these things and improve the upload process.
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i generally might also want to have a bot that accepts other assets (in future)
13:41 < bridge> <robyt3> ChillerDragon: It's just one variable COLORS now, but what about all the other names that curses reserves like ERROR, OK, COLS? Contributors shouldn't have to avoid using specific variable names to support libraries that are not even used by DDNet. Maybe just fork curses and fix their code to not pollute the global namespace? :justatest:
14:23 < bridge> <woidless> Write me a python script that will create a fifo file and every specified time will send a command to the rcon that I specify
14:23 < bridge> <woidless> Pls
14:31 < bridge> <kebscs> Chat gpt prompt?
14:34 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> yeah true. i think for a UX standpoint the hammer hit should sound very similar to the normal one, so it isnt extremely jarring. same goes for the long tee scream. it just wouldnt register as the same without the EEAAHH!
14:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddnet has not been conflicting until now. I imagine contributing to curses to be quite hard. I played around with some curses compiler flags but could not make it work
14:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If you open a pr while deen is online and Heinrich is afk your chances of getting it merged with in 19 minutes are quite high.
15:05 < bridge> <tsfreddie> <a:vibe:1191801470945869927> ~~doesn't sound like a healthy way to maintain a project~~
15:10 < bridge> <woidless> ChillerDragon please write
15:17 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> ddnet 18.9 update log:
15:17 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> - robyt3 has been nerfed
15:17 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> - deen now has the heinrich ai
15:17 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> - added support for teeworlds 0.5
15:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You need to set the fifo file path in the config and writing to a fifo file is just writing to a file
15:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÖ  why do i know the last point will come at some point
15:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt know python file write without looking it up xd but in ruby it‚Äôs File.write and in bash it‚Äôs >> I‚Äôm sure chat gpt can solve that for you
15:24 < bridge> <learath2> 0.5 can't come back, it had security issues, if there is anything heinrich likes more than backwards compatibility, it's security
15:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> safe and sound
15:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> even tho you could argue keeping old clients active is risky too
15:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes we should drop those old 0.6 clients
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> Actually, if you manage to find a security issue with all of them you can pretty much force us to drop all backwards compatibility
15:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddnet is 0.6.4 based which has no anti spoof tokens
15:29 < bridge> <learath2> especially if it is remote code execution
15:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd start by removing all clients before ddnet.org xd
15:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It added its own but ddnet tokens are ugly af. They are at the end of the packet. While proper 0.7 puts them into the packet header
15:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that should have been a leasson
15:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but nothing learned
15:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddnet.tw is legit
15:30 < bridge> <learath2> not like ddnet.tw is more likely to be stolen than ddnet.org
15:30 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ~~imagine DDNet 11 being separated from DDNet entirely~~
15:30 < bridge> <learath2> the lesson learned was "don't transfer domains if not absolutely needed"
15:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> anyway
15:31 < bridge> <learath2> or "don't trust OVH"
15:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> only new is for the cool kids
15:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> OVH is fire
15:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> on fire
15:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you meant
15:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes you got it
15:32 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :greenthing: is .io is really gone that would be wild
15:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> like literally
15:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
15:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> jupszar I missed you
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chiller me you 2
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> when are you at your 4090 again?
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> next time u go to holiday for a year give it to me pls
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but you played well
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 4090 went up in price instead of losing it xDDD
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> world's so fcked up xD
15:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
15:46 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :brownbear:
15:50 < bridge> <0xdeen> If you have a Hetzner cloud server, the code `CoolifyXHetzner10` on https://console.hetzner.cloud/usage gives you 11.90 ‚Ç¨
16:05 < bridge> <woidless> Well, I can't do it.
16:07 < bridge> <melo∆û> :baked:
16:07 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313884300608933970/image.png?ex=6751c19c&is=6750701c&hm=837a6f51abb2687766ed455264e036e82bbcf804a555b54840ab26b31496d82d&
16:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @soulyvevo extremely nit, but https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/420565311863914496/1313839771784712263
16:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
16:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> denmark in this screenshot comes first even tho the skins are sorted alphabetically, bcs denmark for whatever reason has a capital first letter in its skin name, while all others have not, should it be renamed? XDD
16:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @soulyvevo extremely nit, but https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/420565311863914496/1313839771784712263
16:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
16:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> denmark in this screenshot comes first even tho the skins are sorted alphabetically, bcs denmark for whatever reason has a capital first letter in its skin name, while all others of the flag skins have not, should it be renamed? XDD
16:12 < bridge> <soulyvevo> its intended because we wanted to highlight the superiority of Demark
16:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> understood
16:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am danish now
16:12 < bridge> <soulyvevo> jk i will change that in a sec
16:12 < bridge> <melo∆û> please the danish people are overtaking
19:41 < bridge> <soulyvevo> chillerdragon: hi thanks for making https://github.com/TeeworldsDB
19:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i verified a lot of licences and authors thanks to it
19:42 < bridge> <oxyzo.> TeeworldsDummyBad
19:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> all links on forum all pretty much dead so i cant see the skins there
19:49 < bridge> <syrinok> Nice to see moffel's skins get revived
20:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> all because i noticed that alphatee https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/alphatee.png looked weirdly similar to lolhair https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/lolhair.png
20:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and i found some old forum post
20:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and then i found another forum post and another forum post
20:09 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and now im sitting here filling author names and licences
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Finally I get proper flamegraphs. I find it weird that even debug builds suffered so much from it
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> [target.x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu]
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> linker = "/usr/bin/clang"
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> rustflags = ["-C", "force-frame-pointers=yes"]
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
20:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But I am still annoyed, without `--call-graph dwarf` the graph is unreadable, and with it it prints `[unknown]` quite often
21:06 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> i cant wait to go home so i can whack frying pans for foley material
21:17 < bridge> <soulyvevo> :justatest:
21:42 < bridge> <totar> I was thinking earlier that if jupstar had stolen the ddnet.org domain he could have refused to give it back and forced the old clients to die :monkalaugh:
21:44 < bridge> <melo∆û> @totar :WeirdChamp: when press ctrl+shift+tab
21:44 < bridge> <totar> that works?
21:44 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> ^^^^^this
21:45 < bridge> <melo∆û> yes
21:45 < bridge> <melo∆û> it does.
21:45 < bridge> <totar> hmm
21:45 < bridge> <totar> my fingers hurt when I do that tho
21:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> steam really chose the worst bind xdd
21:46 < bridge> <totar> yes
21:46 < bridge> <totar> every game that has player list or map view on TAB and sprint or crouch on SHIFT has this issue
21:46 < bridge> <melo∆û> use right ctrl+shift and tab, ez
21:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
21:47 < bridge> <melo∆û> thats why i rebound steam overlay to be on shift+KP_5
21:47 < bridge> <melo∆û> no way i'm accidentally pressing both
21:48 < bridge> <syrinok> Keep your hand flat and simply shift your  hand to the side, thumb hits ctrl, pointer hits shift, middle finger hits tab. :greenthing:
21:49 < bridge> <totar> omg the steam overlay triggers even if I use RSHIFT+TAB
21:49 < bridge> <totar> üò≠
21:50 < bridge> <totar> have you tried this? it doesn't work?
21:50 < bridge> <totar> when I press control it finishes the autocomplete
21:51 < bridge> <totar> for example:
21:51 < bridge> <totar> open F1
21:51 < bridge> <totar> type: "a"
21:51 < bridge> <totar> press tab a few time
21:51 < bridge> <totar> attempt ctrl+shift+tab
21:51 < bridge> <totar> it doesn't work
21:52 < bridge> <totar> for example:
21:52 < bridge> <totar> - open F1
21:52 < bridge> <totar> - type: "a"
21:52 < bridge> <totar> - press tab a few time
21:52 < bridge> <totar> - attempt ctrl+shift+tab
21:52 < bridge> <totar> - it doesn't work
22:13 < bridge> <melo∆û> you cant search forward and in the middle decide to search backwards, even in regular chat iirc
22:14 < bridge> <learath2> I'd actually be more scared of that. Someone atleast had a motivation to give it back
22:15 < bridge> <totar> I expected the original thief to be one the least likely people to give it back tbh
22:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 if i type this command the last entry always shows a black underscore for whatever reason
22:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313977006211465341/image.png?ex=675217f2&is=6750c672&hm=cc49485b477966276f9ea196e68d49ca574509e516a83c95b447676a56f4f0a3&
22:16 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313977370230657114/Base_Profile_2024.12.04_-_15.16.29.02.DVR.mp4?ex=67521849&is=6750c6c9&hm=8ca1069cfa56f69e32295b70b870292df3017df2f321421867d6ef65777c5a61&
22:17 < bridge> <melo∆û> TiL
22:17 < bridge> <robyt3> Looks like it's dependent on the window size. For me on 1920x1080 the last underscore is visible but thinner
22:17 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313977566373347459/image.png?ex=67521878&is=6750c6f8&hm=b0d3da15bb90c196b18bde003461b15533b6ce47ae727421638d4629b0c36fbd&
22:18 < bridge> <totar> I expected the original thief to be one of the least likely people to give it back tbh
22:18 < bridge> <robyt3> Maybe clipping a bit wrong?
22:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> possibly
22:18 < bridge> <totar> wait what was his motivation?
22:18 < bridge> <totar> to give it back
22:19 < bridge> <totar> money was offered? xd
22:19 < bridge> <robyt3> Doesn't affect other character going down like `pq` though, only happens with underscores in the last line
22:19 < bridge> <learath2> He actually seems motivated to keep the old clients alive. So when we had to disable all of them, he just handed it back to save the prehistoric clients
22:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÆ
22:19 < bridge> <totar> fair enough
22:20 < bridge> <melo∆û> damn SP someone, we could've purged old clients once and for all! <a:AquaTriggered:855153345781956640>
22:20 < bridge> <melo∆û> damn Someone, we could've purged old clients once and for all! <a:AquaTriggered:855153345781956640>
22:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> melon is brainwashed by me
22:22 < bridge> <melo∆û> given i'm currently giving advice on dd-pg
22:22 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
22:22 < bridge> <melo∆û> yes, please send help!
22:22 < bridge> <learath2> I'd guess his concern is more with moderation, blocking all old clients would help a lot
22:23 < bridge> <learath2> Can you brainwash Jupstar into just implementing proper teeworlds compatibility? Be my insider
22:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if u want i can look in renderdoc
22:23 < bridge> <melo∆û> i can silently slide over source for you to do it, i'll git push --force trust
22:23 < bridge> <melo∆û> :greenthing:
22:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh no 27 days left
22:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbR5WcyWl18
22:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> this is me rn
22:24 < bridge> <melo∆û> biggest new year present is me being able to code zombies gamemode
22:24 < bridge> <melo∆û> üí•
22:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> if tee = bad infected
22:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> then
22:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> tee infec
22:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> tee become evil
22:28 < bridge> <robyt3> Maybe pixel alignment, the size keeps changing while the console is opening/closing, I also got the case where it's only a thin black line
22:28 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313980159984013325/image.png?ex=67521ae2&is=6750c962&hm=f0313a803a5e00575652d2159c47ec8a019dfb36e359ae64e13537a64a616d29&
22:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but what kind of insane pixel alignment should that be
22:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean
22:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> we can disable it
22:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then we know xd
22:30 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, if you want to investigate I'm not stopping you :justatest:
22:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> still there
22:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313980816304377916/image.png?ex=67521b7f&is=6750c9ff&hm=52609029a81a2a4c47af681a7b4f870c6da82ae68a2578f67bd7c927b6b96a45&
22:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it really must be clipping ig
22:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313980936769241128/image.png?ex=67521b9b&is=6750ca1b&hm=1eeabadaadb40bcc77544f32cc97af67bee154d71ac62af387b4d8b7144c2eff&
22:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is it cut? xd
22:31 < bridge> <robyt3> but characters like `p` should go below the underscore
22:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313981070764544080/image.png?ex=67521bbb&is=6750ca3b&hm=8172b775560f31066e19204b96a0990c9d50d28645c6b5f5aa6f06a205a0b450&
22:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd say the p is cut too
22:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> zoom in
22:32 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, looks like the rounding is missing
22:32 < bridge> <robyt3> you could try to disable the clipping to test that
22:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yep
22:33 < bridge> <robyt3> I guess caused by my console design change because this moved the text a bit
22:40 < bridge> <teero777> Until pg release?
22:44 < bridge> <teero777> @totar list me all the ways to crash the client from the serverside
22:45 < bridge> <totar> bad map file?
22:45 < bridge> <teero777> hmm yea true
22:47 < bridge> <teero777> I'll just vram every botter I encounter
22:47 < bridge> <teero777> I'll just vram overflow every botter I encounter
22:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> until the year is over
22:47 < bridge> <teero777> so until pg releases
22:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> pressure is real
22:48 < bridge> <teero777> I will try to finish frame forge too
22:48 < bridge> <teero777> Let's bet
22:48 < bridge> <teero777> We have to make the first release by 1. January
22:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but to be clear, i plan to switch to public
22:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dunno what you understand under release
22:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> twgame is defs not finished until then xd
22:49 < bridge> <teero777> first proper public repo
22:50 < bridge> <teero777> @zwelf2 5‚Ç¨ if you finish twgame with everything jupsti needs until 1. Jan
22:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> wow, 5‚Ç¨ from teero, that means smth
22:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> all his savings
22:51 < bridge> <totar> no wait, he needs that for his new cpu
22:52 < bridge> <teero777> @zwelf2 okay I'm sorry I can't give you 5‚Ç¨ but it still be good to have a playable version
23:15 < bridge> <teero777> @zwelf2 okay I'm sorry I can't give you 5‚Ç¨ but it would still be good to have a playable version
23:19 < bridge> <zwelf2> Physics coverage is one of my next focuses for twgame (But not having time is real üò≠)
23:19 < bridge> <totar> can we get a dockerfile that builds the android build? Both of these options look kinda painful ngl
23:20 < bridge> <teero777> just make some :greenthing:
23:21 < bridge> <robyt3> I'll add Android CI next when I have time, but that would only build the debug build
23:21 < bridge> <teero777> For example sounds and stuff that jupstar needs from twgame (I think) are important
23:21 < bridge> <robyt3> (and provide it as an artifact)
23:21 < bridge> <totar> why only debug?
23:22 < bridge> <robyt3> Because we shouldn't make our release key public
23:22 < bridge> <totar> you can put it in a github secret and access it in the CI
23:22 < bridge> <zwelf2> Some sounds exist. Could look for missing sounds and add them. I assume physics is also important. Anything else?
23:22 < bridge> <robyt3> I've never tried it before, can secrets also be files?
23:23 < bridge> <robyt3> Well, I guess it could also read from the string secret and write a file anyway
23:23 < bridge> <totar> I don't remember seeing a way to do files
23:23 < bridge> <robyt3> Not sure if the release key should be handled like that on GitHub runners
23:23 < bridge> <totar> I think this is kinda the intended use for it
23:23 < bridge> <teero777> I haven't checked in in a while. You'd have to ask jupsti @jupeyy_keks
23:24 < bridge> <totar> It would at least be nice to have a triggerable action, the key can be added as a parameter of the github action when you start it
23:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah physics is defs the most important part üòÑ
