00:01 < bridge> <patiga> I'm trying out awk this year for advent of code, I gladly take feedback :)
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> 1:
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> ||```awk
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> #! /usr/bin/awk -f
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> 
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> function diff(a, b) {
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>     if (a > b) {
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>         return a - b
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>     } else {
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>         return b - a
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>     }
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> }
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> 
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> BEGIN {
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> } {
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>     a[FNR] = $1
00:01 < bridge> <patiga>     b[FNR] = $2
00:01 < bridge> <patiga> }
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> 
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> END {
00:02 < bridge> <patiga>     asort(a)
00:02 < bridge> <patiga>     asort(b)
00:02 < bridge> <patiga>     for (line in a)
00:02 < bridge> <patiga>         sum += diff(a[line], b[line])
00:02 < bridge> <patiga>     print sum
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> }
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> ```||
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> 2:
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> ||```awk
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> #! /usr/bin/awk -f
00:02 < bridge> <patiga> 
00:06 < bridge> <liberiumrat> chillerdragon: can you help me for autofarm for clb2s?
01:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @liberiumrat autofarm is illegal on all clb servers I know. I contacted the admins and arranged an exception. I don't think there is any teeworlds server except my block servers which allow autofarm bots right now.
01:07 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the thing is even if you were to use the bot only on your server or mine or got permission elsewhere I can not distribute tools that are illegal on the majority of servers
01:19 < bridge> <liberiumrat> chillerdragon: Bro, I can make a deal with kisao, kisao my friend
01:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @cx5x3ko9zce1d6ew defining t1 and t2 in a loop and then using it outside is just nasty but it looks like you are golfing for less lines so everything is allowed
01:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @liberiumrat yes but as i said i do not feel comfortable distributing tooling thats illegal on most servers. Sorry, you have to build this one on your own.
01:24 < bridge> <liberiumrat> chillerdragon: can i get ws-client?
01:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://chat.zillyhuhn.com/
01:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> sign up token is: nimrocks
01:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> code is here https://github.com/orgs/discord-irc/repositories
01:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> or what do you mean by "get"?
01:25 < bridge> <liberiumrat> chillerdragon: wrong credentials
01:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you have to make an account
01:27 < ws-client> <blackkent> hello
01:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hello <:poggers2:1008007455936094328>
01:27 < bridge> <Ewan> hi irc fellows
01:27 < ws-client> <blackkent> lol this is discord
01:27 < ws-client> <blackkent> xd
01:27 < ws-client> <blackkent> chillerdragon is legend
01:28 < ws-client> <blackkent> chillerdragon can i buy you farm? i use for clb2s  you can close src
01:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> lets switch to the #off-topic channel discussing bots is illegal here
01:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> click on #off-topic on the left side -.- dont go to discord
01:30 < ws-client> <blackkent> oka
05:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :justatest:
05:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> chillerdragon is dealing with blackmarket stuff confirmed
07:03 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @jupeyy_keks will account token send to gameserver contain auth source? (email / steam)
07:03 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @jupeyy_keks is account token send to gameserver contain auth source? (email / steam)
07:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @jupeyy_keks does account token send to gameserver contain auth source? (email / steam)
07:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> like can gameserver tell whether a player is authed via email or steam?
07:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> no, but we could include a boolean or some enum if needed
07:05 < bridge> <tsfreddie> actually nvm, if we hide steamid to gameservers anyway, there is not valid way to check whether a steam account is in good standing
07:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `"vacbanned":false,"publisherbanned":false`
07:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
07:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> this is the info we know about the acc
07:07 < bridge> <tsfreddie> some steam games also have info about whether it has the 5$ minimum purchase history reached
07:07 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you know. steam account is free and our game is free
07:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, but it's not included in their web api apparently
07:07 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ah
07:07 < bridge> <tsfreddie> make sense
07:08 < bridge> <tsfreddie> what about account creation time or play time?
07:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> these are the only fields besides the steamid
07:09 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i see. ill dig through webapi a bit more. might be available in other api
07:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We use 
07:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://partner.steamgames.com/doc/webapi/ISteamUserAuth#AuthenticateUserTicket
07:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> btw
07:09 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ok
07:10 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we are hard blocked the idea of just send steamid to gameserver right?
07:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno, I think it's nice if personal information is not send to third party servers
07:11 < bridge> <tsfreddie> that's true
07:11 < bridge> <tsfreddie> just considering if steam account itself is actually personal information.
07:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Let's say it like this, do other steam games do it?
07:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> As publishers we also have some kind of responsibility to not just do random things ig
07:12 < bridge> <tsfreddie> lots of game just grab steam id to check things
07:13 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but we are talking about third-party servers ofc
07:13 < bridge> <tsfreddie> and im pretty sure third-party csgo server also has steamid available to them?
07:13 < bridge> <totar> I don't think steamid is confidential to any community servers in valve games
07:13 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you can track name history and behavior i guess but steam itself doesn't disclose email or any personal info other than the ones user made available in profile i think.
07:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but as heinrich said, if we can just not send it then there is no concerns
07:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i do agree but i do kinda want it to be more reliable in terms of moderating.
07:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> probably just a balancing act
07:14 < bridge> <totar> email is ofc not the same as steamid
07:15 < bridge> <tsfreddie> agreed
07:15 < bridge> <totar> but we're limiting steam accounts to 1 ddnet account anyway right?
07:15 < bridge> <totar> so if you ban the steam linked ddnet account it's the same as banning their steamid
07:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ye, but people can just register a new one. same goes with the email thinp
07:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ye, but people can just register a new one. same goes with the email thing
07:16 < bridge> <totar> sure but steam is a little harder
07:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ig you want some kind of trust factor, therefore the 5$ thing?
07:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> im just thinking if it is possible for a gameserver to limit to good standing steam accounts only
07:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ye
07:17 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but if it not possible then it's probably no big deal since registering a new account is probably already a much higher barrier than just... not having to do that at all.
07:17 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but that's a pretty low bar tho lol
07:18 < bridge> <totar> I can't find public enpoints that let you do stuff that trust factor does in csgo lol
07:18 < bridge> <totar> I can't find public endpoints that let you do stuff that trust factor does in csgo lol
07:19 < bridge> <tsfreddie> csgo stuff is game specific not related to steam id imagine
07:19 < bridge> <totar> yeah but they know if you've attached a mobile authenticator and phone number
07:19 < bridge> <totar> we can't do that afaik
07:19 < bridge> <totar> and how much money you've spent
07:19 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oh that would be quite useful if we can check that
07:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You can query the steam level and badges xd
07:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That could give you an estimate
07:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But probs not on a private profile
07:24 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think levels are public regardless
07:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Not on the steam website at least
07:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but maybe you can still query them yeah
07:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> what? i remember seeing the circle on private profile.
07:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> probably just misremembered
08:06 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you can't do anything as a publisher tho, it's a user endpoint.
08:06 < bridge> <tsfreddie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313038646084898836/image.png?ex=674eae08&is=674d5c88&hm=b9144f1b12297ddbbcb28a42b2ea847ae055d91f72ae311496dfdbe59f9e3ca6&
08:23 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Okay so I wrote some *artistic* solutions (honestly I wish I could do better but I'm not yet a certified Haskell wizard)
08:23 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Now looking at day 2 I'm afraid I'm going to struggle with the complexity of the requirements
08:23 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313042813021196318/SPOILER_1.hs?ex=674eb1e9&is=674d6069&hm=86101e03209c99ea8d30b1e212c53472b5cf3be87ca0366037604425829e97b4&
08:23 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313042813461467167/SPOILER_1x.hs?ex=674eb1e9&is=674d6069&hm=a0c8971f1e9f8f9d0414c53277ae71b4fa8a76e7aef2eb1637c949820c4b62ca&
08:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I might even have to break it up onto multiple lines!
08:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> what is a monad
08:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> üò¨
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Monads are used to model computations. Think of a computation as being like a function, which maps an input to an output, but as also doing "something more." The something more is an effect that the function has as a result of being computed. For example, the effect might involve printing to the screen. Monads provide an abstraction of effects, and help to make sure that effects happen in a controlled order.
08:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I think i rq aoc i just wasted my day on this shitty edge case. In case anyone gets stuck like me try adding this to your test cases ``21 24 21 19 17 14``
08:50 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @murpi we might need a bot command /lmgptfy
08:50 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :kekw:
08:53 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> duckduckgo AI assistant > chatgpt
09:01 < bridge> <tsfreddie> what backend are they using
09:01 < bridge> <tsfreddie> do they have an api too. i might need that
09:02 < bridge> <tsfreddie> openai access is too hard to get as a chinese person
09:02 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ok, they have multiple choices, so just wrappers.
09:03 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i like that it is just free to use without login tho. seems super abusable too, i wonder how long it will stay like that.
09:12 < bridge> <tsfreddie> chillerdragon: is duckduckgo for profit
09:16 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> lol I went a bit too hard with the functional juice with the 2nd problem for the first day, it takes 100ms to execute because I'm generating the cartesian product of the two input lists
09:16 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> lol I went a bit too hard with the functional juice with the 2nd problem for the first day, it takes 90ms to execute because I'm generating the cartesian product of the two input lists
09:28 < bridge> <tsfreddie> chillerdragon: btw did you implement the server redirect thing
09:31 < bridge> <tsfreddie> does that mean we could somehow make a command that automatically finds an empty server, change it's map and direct player there?
09:31 < bridge> <tsfreddie> does that mean we could somehow make a command that automatically finds an empty server, change its map and direct player there?
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> i did day 2 p1 in ocaml but im frustrated with how dune works and tooling
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> my god its just so bad
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> > ‚ùØ dune build
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> > File "lib/util.ml", line 15, characters 0-0:
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Error: Syntax error
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is the quality of the error messages
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> i love rust even more now
09:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> the idea behind ocaml seemes so good, but i wont work with this bad ux
09:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
09:48 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> These are still artistic in that I never bind any variables but I did split it into multiple lines so they're almost readable *eugh* ü§¢
09:48 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313064153811914752/SPOILER_2.hs?ex=674ec5c9&is=674d7449&hm=1f9ae6d27d1092a0b56c36298637a67dc52f6798b6e001c461024b0285f97878&
09:48 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313064154311168050/SPOILER_2x.hs?ex=674ec5c9&is=674d7449&hm=5586439766d9f2110bcbfadea6b2bc61e982d65f161ea78718e41358f90329e4&
09:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm trying so hard right now
09:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I hope you're proud of me üß°
10:05 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I feel bad about abusing `liftM2` for everything, I should find ways to use more varied combinators >:3
10:13 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :justatest: i'm on a spectating spree i guess
10:35 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @soulyvevo any examples for skins that we might want to keep in database but other players might not want to see them?
10:35 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'm curious
10:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> defatulYoda
10:36 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :justatest: i see
10:37 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> though for me it's the reverse
10:37 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> maybe I'll override my default skin with defatulYoda
10:37 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> It's so beautiful ü§©
10:37 < bridge> <syrinok> Any of the ghost skins, since they lack feet, and knowing if your partner has double jump is very important
10:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> honestly. i think people who see these as beneficial would just seek them out anyway, it's not like we have a in-game skin browser.
10:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> they are already seeking them out. maybe we could just do it on the web part and opens a non public section
10:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> or group
10:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I want a button to just download the entire skin database hehe
10:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> they are already seeking them out by checking out the skin database. maybe we could just do it on the web part and opens a non public section
10:39 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> every time there's a batch of new skins I need to manually download them
10:39 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> every time there's a batch of new skins I need to manually download them and that's a bit annoying
10:39 < bridge> <tsfreddie> non public section - where we still host them on website, but you can't automatically fetch it in game
10:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'm wondering if we have dynamic asset managment now. like loading and unloading based on usage
10:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> my guess is that skin menu is loading every asset all at once so too many skins will just break either vram or just ram?
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i see player who can't open game due to having too many skins downloaded
10:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i remember seeing player who can't open game due to having too many skins downloaded
10:42 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I had this happen to me once when I had a different game (Yuanshen) running at the same time hogging all my VRAM
10:44 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :pepeW: shouldn't it be called genshin impact
10:45 < bridge> <tsfreddie> so basically it's a lack of resource management thing. if we have that, we can just show every skin in database probably.
10:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Yeah but I think it's funny to call it by the chinese name
10:54 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> another nickname I use for it is "chinese game"
10:55 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> it's kind of an euphemism tbh :justatest:
10:55 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> it's kind of a euphemism tbh :justatest:
11:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @soulyvevo Instead of removing skins, just move them to community db, if you dislike a skin for whatever reason.
11:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Or what is the motivation to remove skins (other than if it is requested by the author)?
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> How did you even evaluate the usage of a skin?
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Does furo have stats for that? üòÑ
11:06 < bridge> <melo∆û> Furo has.. everything (and his site tracks the used skin of someone so it's fairly easy to grep for from his db)
11:07 < bridge> <melo∆û> I should log into it again at some point...
11:39 < bridge> <aegisub> monoid in the category of endofunctors
11:41 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I learned some abstract nonsense but once I stopped trying to learn more it kinda fell out of my head
11:42 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm sure I'll grok it if I put more thinking time into it
11:44 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I *think* my realization earlier today about `fmap` and `liftM` being the same thing is approximately correct
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> See Lea, it's not even purely about being compatible to mods.
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If we don't talk about gameplay for a moment, just about ddnet services, skin database, community list etc.
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Even then ddnet's way is just insane. We are not allowed to write imperfect non-future proof code anymore.
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If I want to introduce skin categories or generally want better search systems (https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/1287503756048465981), and make normal & community a category instead of what we have now, as well as allowing sub categories, which would also remove the "skin-prefix" and instead make santa skins a category (for example).
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then I have to make sure it's compatible to ddnet 9-current. I have to make sure the old system also still gets skin updates, bcs maybe -1 players are still playing on a client that already had downloaded skins support. I have to make sure it's directly implemented bug-free.
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That is one of the reasons I did what I did, I just find it so annoying to always have the excuse, but player xy also wants to enjoy ddnet. Oh nooo, player xy, poor guy.
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I prefer to make stuff where 95% of all players benefit from it, most ppl that simply use the steam version wouldn't even notice a skin database upgrade as in my example.
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Additionally we tend to bloat with new features, bcs we do it in such a bad way, that we support old and new versions over years.
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's simply a paradigm change. If you don't like it, don't support it. I am ok to fail, at least I tried. Not like I am ignored since years anyway.. Mister dictator ddnet admin decides what he likes most anyway, and all follow without self reflection or reasoning. It just bores me. Maybe I am alone with that, fine. But if all devs are bored by the project it will die as well.
11:51 < bridge> <tsfreddie> holy
11:54 < bridge> <aegisub> yeah they're the same
11:57 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm out of the loop, why is deprecating features not allowed around here?
11:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Don't ask me, ask the ppl I don't want to mention by name
11:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Apparently staying 10 years comaptible to all ddnet related projects that ever existed is good
12:00 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Nice! I'd like some pointers in general since you seem to know your stuff... Maybe you could take a look at my horrendous incantations and tell me if I'm doing anything obviously stupid at some point? ü•∫
12:01 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> A bit hard if I don't know their names lol
12:01 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> but I get it :pepeW:
12:12 < bridge> <learath2> Every person is allowed to have their own opinion. Except me apparently
12:14 < bridge> <learath2> Not like I can tell you what to do. Feel free to break whatever you want. I can just hope you don't end up accidentally killing the whole thing trying to remove ddnet 9 compatibility
12:21 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Is there any notable reason for holding onto that compatibility? Some reason people would be unable to easily upgrade to the latest versions?
12:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yes, you are only here to have no opinion, true
12:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Else I'd not write to you
12:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> There isn't
12:25 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> :frozen:
12:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> And even if they're for some reason stuck on those older versions it's not like they couldn't keep playing as long as basic Teeworlds compat is there...
12:27 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That is a good point too yes
12:27 < bridge> <screeeny> Most people stuck on old versions are just using cheat clients the couldnt get an update for - change my mind
12:28 < bridge> <screeeny> Most people stuck on old versions are just using cheat clients they couldnt get an update for - change my mind
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> I'm a bit past my haskell days too but this lgtm
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> There are some small things you could do differently/golf further but I wouldn't say they're wrong
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> 
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> Like, in day 2 you could try to combine `rising` and `decreasing` into one function with, uhh
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> ```haskell
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> monotonic = any . (traverse (rising .) $ map map [id, negate])
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> ```
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> (written on my phone so might have errors but you probably get the idea. `traverse` and `sequence` can be really cool. Also lenses (e.g. `under`) but I haven't fully learned those yet either.)
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> 
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> Similarly `liftM2 (&&) monotonic smooth` could be turned into `all . (sequence [monotonic, smooth])`
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> The advantage being that you can very quickly add new conditions or have a dynamic number of them.
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> bleh the reply got lost
12:29 < bridge> <aegisub> a
12:33 < bridge> <melo∆û> or are called @.freezy_ ...
12:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> thamks, `map map` is exactly the kind of fun thing that I wouldn't think of since I'm still too imperative-brained
12:36 < bridge> <melo∆û> <a:EssexLemonEat:909223338528890900>
12:36 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313106393187880961/image.png?ex=674eed20&is=674d9ba0&hm=a6eacfe6697bbfa9a885854b244e4cc08ae69cacc08901db99b473b523eff2e3&
12:41 < bridge> <oxyzo.> :kek:
12:50 < bridge> <‚ôÇS1mple‚ôÇ> was tele menu fixed in last update?
12:50 < bridge> <‚ôÇS1mple‚ôÇ> i'm not really familiar with github and can't tell
12:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and wow, `traverse` and `sequence` are not trivial at all to my tired brain
12:51 < bridge> <aegisub> sequence is pretty simple, it's just `[m a] -> m [a]`
12:52 < bridge> <aegisub> so with the reader monad it'd be `[a -> b] -> a -> [b]`
12:52 < bridge> <aegisub> and traverse is just sequence but with a map first
12:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> > Remove self from spectator menu unless in demo
12:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
12:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Lol wasn't this intentionally added at some point?
12:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> in early clients u couldnt do that either
12:53 < bridge> <aegisub> `traverse f l = sequence (map f l)`
12:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Being able to sit while still having your camera follow your tee is nice imo
12:54 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> thanks for this
13:00 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Can't find a general `m1 m2 a -> m2 m1 a`, is this something that just doesn't work or is it something rarely needed?
13:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Can't find a general `m1 (m2 a) -> m2 (m1 a)`, is this something that just doesn't work or is it something rarely needed?
13:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I've yet to gain an intuition for what is generalizable and what is not
13:05 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> So my rule of thumb so far has been that if I can think of it it's probably generalizable
13:05 < bridge> <aegisub> I don't think that works in general (e.g. then you'd also have a `(a -> [b]) -> [a -> b]` and it's not clear how that should be defined). The list in `sequence` generalized to something traversable (since you need to join all the `m a` in some order), not any monad
13:05 < bridge> <aegisub> but that does mean that you can `sequence` along, say, a tree, and not just a list
13:06 < bridge> <aegisub> I don't think that works in general (e.g. then you'd also have a `(a -> [b]) -> [a -> b]` and it's not clear how that should be defined). The list in `sequence` generalizeds to something traversable (since you need to join all the `m a` in some order), not any monad
13:06 < bridge> <aegisub> I don't think that works in general (e.g. then you'd also have a `(a -> [b]) -> [a -> b]` and it's not clear how that should be defined). The list in `sequence` generalizes to something traversable (since you need to join all the `m a` in some order), not any monad
13:06 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Yeah I guess a lot of things are traversable
13:08 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Or you could say that Nothing is traversable üòâ
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think it was mostly there for when u used /spec
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> To know where you are
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bcs unspeccing can kill a team üòÑ
13:14 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> spec as a game mechanic is just wild to me
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> in gores u often need it, bcs the platforms are too small
13:17 < bridge> <learath2> Any notable reason to break it? Our extension mechanisms are all backwards compatible by default. New netmsgs, new netobjs are all possible without breaking anything
13:17 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah, after playing a bit more gores recently I've seriously considered actually binding spec
13:17 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I really should just rebind since there's no downside
13:18 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm really involved with DDNet development (yet?) but it seems to be causing Jupstar distress so I assume there are some reasons
13:18 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm not really involved with DDNet development (yet?) but it seems to be causing Jupstar distress so I assume there are some reasons
13:18 < bridge> <learath2> This is false from what I can see. The popular degenerate clients are all up to date
13:21 < bridge> <tsfreddie> I'm not sure if we are allowed to introduce new player flag
13:21 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but to fix any target pos related issue like #8810 i couldn't think of another way
13:21 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8810
13:21 < bridge> <totar> bro mods are using this
13:21 < bridge> <totar> last time this was suggested it was brought up that it can't be fixed
13:22 < bridge> <tsfreddie> thought so
13:22 < bridge> <tsfreddie> wrong reply?
13:22 < bridge> <totar> ?
13:22 < bridge> <totar> ah nvm
13:22 < bridge> <totar> it's just the rendering
13:22 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oh i thought you are talking about playerflag
13:22 < bridge> <totar> ignore me
13:23 < bridge> <totar> new playerflag tho
13:23 < bridge> <totar> kinda crazy
13:24 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i don't expect that to merge tbh, too many things could break
13:24 < bridge> <tsfreddie> well by things, i mean mods probably
13:24 < bridge> <totar> shouldn't the server use the client verison to detect the feature, not by sending it to the server for one tick
13:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> > I can change the compatibility detection to a version based one if desired, but I feel this way is more concrete.
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's not easy to use.
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's hard to test old clients.
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's bloat.
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The better question is, why should old clients matter?
13:25 < bridge> <totar> I would say there's no reason to not use the version check
13:25 < bridge> <totar> it's the proper method
13:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> if robyt3 told me to i'll do it
13:25 < bridge> <totar> ok
13:25 < bridge> <learath2> There is some burden to making features work with old clients sometimes, but if it doesn't work we do just version gate stuff sometimes. It's not like we just don't allow anything that doesn't work on every single version. We just don't want people breaking stuff that already works for the lulz
13:26 < bridge> <totar> we removed self spectating?
13:26 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i could also just not send that first tick and it wouldn't really break anything other than it would still flash the first time you spec
13:26 < bridge> <totar> isn't that a regular feature?
13:26 < bridge> <tsfreddie> just use `spectate <selfid>`
13:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> As I remember it wasn't removed, just not in the menu anymore
13:26 < bridge> <totar> :/
13:26 < bridge> <totar> it's useful tho
13:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah this is a bit annoying
13:27 < bridge> <totar> you don't get prediction when spectating yourself everyone is smooth
13:27 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i see
13:28 < bridge> <totar> I use it all the time when I'm the one being dragged through a freeze part and I don't need to do anything
13:28 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Well you *can* `bind x toggle cl_predict 0 1` or whatever I don't rember if that's exactly right
13:28 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I just use it to sit :P
13:28 < bridge> <totar> I don't want another bind .-.
13:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i'll add a config maybe
13:29 < bridge> <totar> what's the downside to letting you spectate yourself in the menu
13:29 < bridge> <totar> it just makes sense to me
13:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> it comes from player keep asking me why they cant move camera when pausing
13:29 < bridge> <totar> your own tee is not special
13:30 < bridge> <totar> hmm
13:30 < bridge> <learath2> For all 3 you could have just broken all old clients, didn't have to break all teeworlds compatibility along with it
13:30 < bridge> <tsfreddie> maybe i'll do a visual effect instead
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah but, you downplay what my ultimate goal is in this case.
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I want server provided client side physics prediction.
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But yes, there is lot of headroom to improve the current version too
13:32 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Hmm? Is this about using the same code for prediction as for the server, like any reasonable person would want it to work?
13:32 < bridge> <learath2> I want a united community so this game can live for another decade
13:32 < bridge> <totar> I think the main reason to allow old clients is to support platforms that do not get builds anymore
13:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes, and the server can also provide WASM modules to customize it even further
13:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah but which platform should that be, win xp?
13:33 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Ooh wacky mods server side? Sounds potentially great, potentially horrid
13:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then i'd say that is a user problem, not our
13:33 < bridge> <totar> win 7 also?
13:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> all win7 users can upgrade to win10
13:33 < bridge> <totar> "to play the game you must first uninstall your os"
13:33 < bridge> <melo∆û> i looked into it, wouldnt call it `wacky mods` at all!
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah sry, but win7 is dead even by microsoft
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> we don't have to support smth that is officially dead
13:34 < bridge> <melo∆û> win7 SHOULD upgrade, same with win 8.1 - why are we properly providing an application for an unsafe os :o
13:34 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> You mean to tell me people *wouldn't* make wacky mods with it? I'd be disappointed if they don't
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> at some point this is religious
13:34 < bridge> <totar> so we will drop win10 support in october 2025?
13:34 < bridge> <melo∆û> i'll be coding the old zombies mod in it :greenthing:
13:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> ok here's where we disagree
13:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I want my Windows 98 compatibility
13:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If it's end of life, we do yes. But I assume that is just end of standard support?
13:35 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ill do a revert pr tomorrow
13:35 < bridge> <totar> the issue you brought up is valid
13:36 < bridge> <totar> spectating yourself is confusing
13:36 < bridge> <totar> I don't have a good solution
13:36 < bridge> <totar> I don't have a good solution rn
13:36 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can add hint when you spectating yourself. but that might be more obnoxious than a bind
13:36 < bridge> <totar> idk
13:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> where even is the pr that added self spectate
13:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cant find it xd
13:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> no such thing. its a by product of pause
13:37 < bridge> <melo∆û> i really thought it's been there since spectator menu launched
13:37 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you never spectate and have a tee in teeworlds
13:38 < bridge> <melo∆û> ah then we just never excluded it within /pause
13:38 < bridge> <melo∆û> i see
13:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I get not providing builds for old systems, but have there been changes to the game that make it impossible to build for those systems?
13:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> this bug is also a by product of pause
13:38 < bridge> <totar> I think we dropped very old OGL versions?
13:38 < bridge> <melo∆û> dependencie updates, other than that the game runs on my toaster
13:39 < bridge> <melo∆û> and even then i'm fairly sure you could hack your way to still building it
13:39 < bridge> <melo∆û> there is still a video in here somewhere of furo getting latest master running on windows XP :kekw:
13:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah true, back then /pause were not actual spectator
13:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well it was kinda weird state
13:42 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> no
13:42 < bridge> <totar> ok
13:42 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm just thinking, I'm sure there are insane people glad to try building the game for the Wii or whatever, so as long as it *runs* we good imo
13:42 < bridge> <melo∆û> there is a person having ddnet run on his nintendo DS
13:42 < bridge> <totar> if it can still build on windows xp then actually I support dropping old versions
13:44 < bridge> <totar> if it can still build for windows xp then actually I support dropping old versions
13:45 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> We don't need proper automated builds, as long as you can download that 9 months old version that some nerd built for sport
13:45 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> if you wanna play on WinXP you deserve to go through that
13:46 < bridge> <totar> I mean if we had once a year builds for win xp that would be enough to drop clients >2y/o
13:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Lol what u talking about with winxp xD
13:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> using internet on winxp is suicidal
13:47 < bridge> <totar> that's true tbh
13:48 < bridge> <totar> but I like that the game can be played on the platforms that it released on
13:48 < bridge> <totar> that's my only reason
13:48 < bridge> <melo∆û> ok guys dont rant to hard i want to read it later but i need to go shopping :owo:
13:49 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you can still play old arcade that is using windows 2000 if you run a private server
13:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ddnet was released 2013, so win7 min xd
13:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but srsly, it's also a matter of support from all libs.
13:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> E.g. rust doesn't support win7 or older anymore
13:49 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Only accept outgoing connections with destination port 8303 :)
13:50 < bridge> <tsfreddie> dropping support is probably quite normal
13:50 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313125261440581632/image.png?ex=674efeb3&is=674dad33&hm=eae22dbfcb256a62dbabab2c93c97b1d3af84bb4919607416501f586170374cc&
13:51 < bridge> <totar> got em
13:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> See this is why I'm not a crustacean! They go against my aesthetic principles!
13:51 < bridge> <totar> this is not serious JSYK
13:52 < bridge> <headshotnoby> :troll:
13:53 < bridge> <totar> wtf, windows xp got security updates until 2019 for some versions
13:53 < bridge> <tsfreddie> about the bicycle game, if i couldn't figure out the artstyle. i might just make it kirby star ride but tees
13:53 < bridge> <headshotnoby> <http://github.com/headshot2017/ddnet-wii>
13:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Also how does a programming language stop supporting an OS? The compiler produces CPU instructions, for a CPU, not an OS!
13:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> 
13:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> (yes I know this is a very C mindset)
13:53 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> BASED BASED BASED
13:53 < bridge> <learath2> This is probably more of a reason than anything. You think we are just insane ideological zealots üôÉ
13:54 < bridge> <headshotnoby> here's more consoles
13:54 < bridge> <headshotnoby> <http://github.com/headshot2017/ddnet-nds>
13:54 < bridge> <headshotnoby> <http://github.com/headshot2017/ddnet-3ds>
13:54 < bridge> <headshotnoby> <http://github.com/headshot2017/ddnet-ps2>
13:54 < bridge> <headshotnoby> <http://github.com/headshot2017/ddnet-dc>
13:55 < bridge> <tsfreddie> bruh
13:55 < bridge> <totar> does the 3ds one work online
13:55 < bridge> <headshotnoby> yes
13:55 < bridge> <totar> :O
13:55 < bridge> <totar> I should try it
13:55 < bridge> <tsfreddie> porting is based but imagine maintaining all these
13:55 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :kek:
13:56 < bridge> <totar> they're already on ddnet 9
13:56 < bridge> <totar> so
13:56 < bridge> <totar> I assume thats not happening
13:57 < bridge> <tsfreddie> this is like the ultimate portfolio for a porting specialist tho
13:57 < bridge> <totar> maybe if they're hiring for porting to dead consoles
13:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> shots fired
13:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i would trust the general skill could carry through new consoles
13:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i was suprised when a friend told me he had harry potter 6 for ps2
13:58 < bridge> <totar> true I guess
13:58 < bridge> <totar> I think you can just use regular libraries for modern consoles tho
13:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> that is also true
13:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but console might have werid filesystem and weird permissions
13:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we ran into that when porting a unity game using a third party lua bridge to PS5
14:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nothing can be as annoying as porting to android
14:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but i gotta admit i like to download an appimage and just start it. no deps, no assets
14:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> all in one binary
14:06 < bridge> <soulyvevo> things like this https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/community/defatulYoda.png or this https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/community/Cammostripes%20Small.png which not gonna lie i was really thinking of removing all those "small" skins
14:06 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i think its really bad for gameplay and i see those being mostly used at mods like block
14:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddg uses chatgpt
14:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i just think it sets bad examples and its sometimes hard to explain to people why their slight skin edit didnt get in while things like those are in the database
14:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> idk they do have ads
14:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> but im open to discussion
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I did add the redirect message. But I still am waiting for the extension proposal to redirect to other iOS
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> iOS
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> iOS
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> iOS
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> iOS
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Fuck you iphoe
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> IPS\* not iOS
14:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
14:09 < bridge> <soulyvevo> @jupeyy_keks my evaluation of skin usage was based on this
14:09 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313129965549785158/skin-stats_total-time-played.txt?ex=674f0314&is=674db194&hm=9c7f1a17ca8d2d94ff0c1240919f03055450049dd2181b2adbc33a3ca4040e5c&
14:09 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and yes its from furo lmao
14:09 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Just say it's historical :)
14:09 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Just like the ancient maps... :justatest:
14:10 < bridge> <soulyvevo> the issue is that those flower skins were pretty fresh lol
14:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> There is an issue for that https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/6754
14:10 < bridge> <soulyvevo> @jupeyy_keks theres also this if you are interested
14:10 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313130216255651881/unique-names-skin-usage-10000.txt?ex=674f0350&is=674db1d0&hm=84f9b1b0efa9376bdddf06d188d65799860b9d085c7db239f488644ea7d1d2c3&
14:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i wonder how many skins from the db are not used at all xD
14:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did u check? xd
14:14 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ofc there is oof
14:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> they wouldn't be in this list at all
14:15 < bridge> <soulyvevo> there are some really weird skin names
14:15 < bridge> <soulyvevo> like really weird stuff
14:15 < bridge> <soulyvevo> to the point where i wonder how did that happen
14:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> he just uses the skin name
14:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u can set any name as skin name
14:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> in the client
14:16 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ye, just move them to a separate webpage for download and not serve them automatically via url
14:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but why do we even care rn?
14:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> as long as they are in community
14:17 < bridge> <soulyvevo> what sane person puts `cockaballsamec` as their skin name üò≠
14:17 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and plays 6 hours with it
14:17 < bridge> <tsfreddie> either way definitely should not be a client thing
14:18 < bridge> <soulyvevo> should we change rules on what gets in normal database then?
14:18 < bridge> <soulyvevo> cuz it might be a decent solution
14:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am ok if we remove skins like ghosts
14:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and move them to community
14:19 < bridge> <soulyvevo> so people could see some more popular edits of skins like https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/community/ahl_chinesefox.png without having to look at other stuff
14:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> having no feet is defs not very tw friendly
14:19 < bridge> <soulyvevo> ghosts are in normal db?
14:19 < bridge> <soulyvevo> im changing that rn lol
14:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> one
14:19 < bridge> <soulyvevo> ahh the og one
14:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We'd also need to think if `bomb` needs eyes:
14:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/bomb.png
14:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's certainly used in some mods so we can't just remove it
14:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but having no eyes is also kinda not normal xd
14:20 < bridge> <melo∆û> @bencie. bomb with eyes yes or no? :kek:
14:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> bomb 2 has eyes:
14:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/Bomb%202.png
14:20 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think it is fine, not that my opinions matter
14:20 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i wonder what happened to the old bomb skin
14:20 < bridge> <pioooooo> I'd say client filter is neat since ppl have different preferences
14:21 < bridge> <tsfreddie> id prefer regular white eyes tho
14:21 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i still have this one in my skins directory
14:21 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313132844947607662/bomb.png?ex=674f05c3&is=674db443&hm=7a8030cf4a60c5a0c99325191b2c1f9872392bc5591f1de60bd673e16e5f59f0&
14:21 < bridge> <soulyvevo> who is the author?
14:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah but we add so many skins
14:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> we already divide by normal and community
14:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if we want to break the skin system, then we should redesign it
14:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and not add more features
14:22 < bridge> <tsfreddie> +1
14:22 < bridge> <pioooooo> I'd say normal is too small
14:22 < bridge> <pioooooo> Client filter is just adblock
14:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xd
14:22 < bridge> <bencie.> never tried with eyes but ill check if it looks good lol
14:22 < bridge> <pioooooo> I don't see what's the matter
14:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u can probably prevent the http request
14:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> with a third party tool
14:22 < bridge> <soulyvevo> okay i moved `bomb` `bomb_exploded` and `ghost` to community db
14:23 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/Hidden%20Assassin.png i guess this one should go to community too
14:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well if it's  a client feature we need need some kind of db for it to store the deny list.
14:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then, no front, I bet the feature is only used by like 10 ppl, the others don't even know about the existence xd
14:24 < bridge> <tsfreddie> did we remove blocking x_ prefix on server or was it never a thing, just how teeworlds worked
14:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If we want to block skins it must follow some intuitive logic
14:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oh probably a client thing
14:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the client ships them anyway, so we'd need to remove them there
14:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is the question if e.g. bomb should be community anyway
14:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> as said, bomb mod uses that skin
14:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i don't think the ddnet admins like that üòÑ
14:25 < bridge> <soulyvevo> we can replace the bomb skin by some different one
14:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is the question if e.g. bomb should be really* community anyway
14:26 < bridge> <bencie.> bomb 2 is kinda cursed
14:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> sure
14:26 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can see x_bomb indicating it is non-tw but for popular gamemodes. and no user can use it
14:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> When it comes to prefixes I think it'd be nice if a ton of skins had prefixed versions so that the prefix field would actually do something noticeable...
14:26 < bridge> <tsfreddie> not a proposal tho
14:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, as long as the client doesn't reject it
14:26 < bridge> <soulyvevo> honestly that would be really reasonable
14:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think the server needs to send some flag
14:27 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Is this not a thing because people don't submit variants or is it because they don't get accepted? Something to do with licensing?
14:27 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but for non regular skins like the big ones and no feet ones should be community that i agree
14:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> prefixes feel like a kind of dead feature to me
14:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> besides the santa_ one
14:28 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we should just remove prefixes
14:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> f3
14:28 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I wish it was alive ü•∫
14:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i would rather just have a modular skin system
14:29 < bridge> <soulyvevo> than prefixes
14:29 < bridge> <tsfreddie> just let player decide what to use. and if we do festive or april fools just use a known list
14:29 < bridge> <soulyvevo> why would we need a bunch of new skins just to add glasses or santa hat to a tee
14:29 < bridge> <pioooooo> Just like how current friends work maybe, with a good UI it should be fine
14:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can you tell me which skins you want to block?
14:30 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> tagged skins would be just as good, as long as it's not hard to get every subset of tags accepted :P
14:30 < bridge> <pioooooo> Like that ass skin and some Longhair skins
14:30 < bridge> <pioooooo> And various random ugly ones
14:31 < bridge> <tsfreddie> inappropriate skins should just be removed. (ass mentioned)
14:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah dunno why it was added in first place
14:31 < bridge> <soulyvevo> LEAVE GROSBOULE ALONE
14:31 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> funny
14:31 < bridge> <pioooooo> But I'd say someone must like that
14:32 < bridge> <soulyvevo> oh lol it also doesnt have eyes
14:32 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ugly ones very easily falls into non tw skins and should be in community. and we should warn people when turning on community
14:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah it even in normal lol
14:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah must 100% be community skin xD
14:32 < bridge> <pioooooo> And I don't really care if others can use it, so I'd prefer to just block it on my side
14:33 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i can see a file. but no UI
14:33 < bridge> <pioooooo> Do you know that tuzi is actually a community skin
14:33 < bridge> <tsfreddie> not before we can display skin database in the first place
14:33 < bridge> <tsfreddie> also you can just block http requests
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> another problem is, should the blocking really happen by file name?
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> or better by a sha256 hash. since filenames are not unique
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if we ever have server side provided skins, then it could even do harm
14:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> e.g. if the mod depends on it
14:34 < bridge> <pioooooo> I think strcmp is easier than proxies
14:34 < bridge> <tsfreddie> tuzi should be community skin
14:34 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/data/skins/bomb.png found it
14:34 < bridge> <pioooooo> But santa_tuzi is notmal
14:34 < bridge> <soulyvevo> its by Ravie and for some reason its not in the database
14:34 < bridge> <pioooooo> Normal*
14:34 < bridge> <tsfreddie> then someone should move it
14:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> didnt u just move it to community
14:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lol
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> sounds like a bug too
14:35 < bridge> <soulyvevo> compare the skins
14:35 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/bomb.png
14:35 < bridge> <soulyvevo> this is the one in database
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the license is wrong too
14:35 < bridge> <soulyvevo> under the same name
14:35 < bridge> <soulyvevo> its so weird
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> for santa_tuzi & tuzi cat
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh lol
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> different color
14:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> weird
14:35 < bridge> <tsfreddie> id love to know more about skins after im done with all the spec things
14:36 < bridge> <pioooooo> Yeah but while I love tuzi I hate to see the ass skin at the same time
14:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean u can always rename a default skin to the ass skin's name
14:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it's just a bit more annoying to do
14:37 < bridge> <soulyvevo> no idea how that happened
14:37 < bridge> <pioooooo> Yeah so that's where a filter works
14:37 < bridge> <woidless> Nice bot online
14:37 < bridge> <woidless> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313137012059930654/rn_image_picker_lib_temp_32fc9d25-21ca-482a-a421-849ed3578209.jpg?ex=674f09a4&is=674db824&hm=1c93eb91e65add1afe5efc153efb8147b50edd005f14ffe49d1b920115aef845&
14:38 < bridge> <tsfreddie> lets just say. im willing to implement a filter. but i need to hear about skin vetting process and make sure database is doing it's thing properly first.
14:39 < bridge> <montikboom> Fr
14:39 < bridge> <soulyvevo> what do you mean by database doing its thing properly
14:39 < bridge> <tsfreddie> in my eye. if any skin makes some people uncomfortable it should be removed. non-tw ones should be community.
14:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but then don't add it to the config, and use the file hash not the skin name
14:39 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we can come up with better rules and vetting
14:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> that comes later
14:40 < bridge> <pioooooo> I don't think file hash is necessary
14:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think it is
14:40 < bridge> <soulyvevo> well thats also how i see it
14:40 < bridge> <tsfreddie> also idk why i dragged myself into this tho
14:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think it's more about blocking a url.
14:41 < bridge> <pioooooo> File name is easier for manual edit imo, for at first I don't expect a good ui
14:41 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but also not just name tho
14:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh lol
14:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u want to block the http request?
14:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i want to make sure if someone blocks a skin by clicking a button , it blocks where the skin comes from. local, url, custom url.
14:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> hash not nessasary in that case i think
14:42 < bridge> <tsfreddie> but still
14:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> not until we figure out a rule for skins
14:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> which seems pretty easy but obviously not trivial ie practice
14:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> then we should make a more practical rule
14:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the point is about server provided skins, or generally mod support
14:44 < bridge> <woidless> How does swarfey work?
14:44 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ill design it in one go and vet everything
14:45 < bridge> <tsfreddie> if it changes somehow bcs i designed a shitty system, i'll send you my nude as an apology
14:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ez
14:47 < bridge> <tsfreddie> doesnt count if i didnt pr anything tho
14:47 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :kek:
14:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's defs weird that we have to block ddnet provided content already
14:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
14:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> hard times
14:51 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oh damn, deen merged the playerflag
14:51 < bridge> <tsfreddie> lets just pretend it is to protect skins.tw users
14:52 < bridge> <tsfreddie> hence the url thing
14:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> does that break anti bot? xd
14:52 < bridge> <tsfreddie> thats what ive been thinkg
14:52 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i need to go outside i thought id tag heinrich and murpi after im home
14:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
14:53 < bridge> <tsfreddie> also mods
14:53 < bridge> <tsfreddie> at least antibot can be fixed on our end
14:56 < furo> Yep, I just got banned on noby fng for `nonstandard client (flags=33)` ;DDD
14:57 < bridge> <tsfreddie> lol
14:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> left click doesn't spectate closest player anymore
14:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> in 18.8 rc1
14:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> shoot. did i messed this up too
14:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ill check asap
14:58 < bridge> <tsfreddie> oh btw
14:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> in demo you need to get out of follow mode to do that now. i can improve the handling but it's a bit more complicated
14:59 < bridge> <pioooooo> not in demo now
14:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> then it is a bug
14:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> ill check
15:02 < bridge> <tsfreddie> does everyone else get stressful for PRs or is it just me lol
15:11 < bridge> <melo∆û> i only get stressed when i get a mention on a PR i didnt do :kekw:
15:11 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313145479298809938/image.png?ex=674f1187&is=674dc007&hm=24fb293ec4bb3678d479b48d0779564e4de9311f64f2e87867d6b510df551e79&
15:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I get stressed when I look on my system clock
15:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> december already T_T
15:37 < ws-client> <blackkent> lol 
15:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> üò¨ https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9319/files
15:43 < bridge> <tsfreddie> I should stop juggling branches to work on multiple things at once
15:44 < bridge> <tsfreddie> a.k.a i just fix my ADHD
15:45 < bridge> <tsfreddie> I feel like I'm tripple checking codes, builds and ci for every pr. but it still happens
15:50 < bridge> <pioooooo> i think the contrast before was easier to see
15:50 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313155326962434151/249dfab27edae251.png?ex=674f1ab3&is=674dc933&hm=bd44c84534e4a31ba23e0ba353c991f67ff847f1e4af37279488c58a99b3784d&
15:50 < bridge> <pioooooo> tho i couldn't remember how was that
15:51 < bridge> <pioooooo> also how can i spectate myself
15:51 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313155593040826489/efce412ea5d1e310.png?ex=674f1af2&is=674dc972&hm=9793206c6115e2f4d800ac2eab81576bb870ef00c29bb1162b1dc47e5000e3b9&
15:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> spectate takes a clientID
15:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> `cl_show_ids 1`
15:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
15:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> and then enter your clientID which you can see in your scoreboard
15:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313155910259966034/image.png?ex=674f1b3e&is=674dc9be&hm=99af377c2c84c354d42fbb2a3963ce141e425ad5b962c2751f07347b6296fa45&
15:52 < bridge> <pioooooo> this feels bad
15:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> you can ofc just leave spectator mode :P
15:53 < bridge> <pioooooo> waiting the revert üòÑ
15:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> maybe it is time to not care about adding config for adding yourself back into the menu?
15:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i kinda liked the avoid adding configs for tiny stuff approach
15:57 < bridge> <tsfreddie> assuming it is for disabling prediction right?
15:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> for showing im afk while watching myself
15:59 < bridge> <tsfreddie> wait did we not have a `/afk` or was it removed
16:00 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think maybe i have brain damage
16:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> its proposed several times
16:02 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think disabling prediction is a better use case that i can accept being reasonable for spectating yourself. but i'd like to remove new player's confusion as much as possible. let me think of something else
16:02 < ws-client> <blackkent> Hi everyone how to make teeworlds-pkg ai in java script if it's not a secret
16:18 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @learath2 hi, got time?
16:45 < bridge> <learath2> Im outside
16:52 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :nouis: alright, enjoy your day. i'll find another time
17:02 < bridge> <robyt3> @deen Is it intentional that the app name includes the version? For the final website release the app name on the home screen should only be "DDNet" and the version "18.8".
17:02 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313173395327680532/Screenshot_2024-12-02-16-49-05-33_fc704e6b13c4fb26bf5e411f75da84f2.jpg?ex=674f2b87&is=674dda07&hm=7b3700c301071039cf5a4daeeed0f3acacb286be7eb0e3e33f0ec60aab8dcc9e&
17:02 < bridge> <robyt3> @0xdeen  Is it intentional that the app name includes the version? For the final website release the app name on the home screen should only be "DDNet" and the version "18.8".
17:02 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313173395327680532/Screenshot_2024-12-02-16-49-05-33_fc704e6b13c4fb26bf5e411f75da84f2.jpg?ex=674f2b87&is=674dda07&hm=7b3700c301071039cf5a4daeeed0f3acacb286be7eb0e3e33f0ec60aab8dcc9e&
17:04 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @totar @pioooooo do you guys think you would perfer auto cancel self spectating or a command/bind. for auto cancel, the next time you pause it would go into freeview if you are previously spectating yourself.
17:05 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i think just a bind might be more comfortable if you pause a lot right?
17:06 < bridge> <pioooooo> i'd like how it was and actually don't like to add random binds
17:06 < bridge> <pioooooo> auto cancel is for me
17:08 < bridge> <tsfreddie> if tater says otherwise i'll just revert it and add some visual effects when you go in and out of freeview
17:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> traitor
17:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> im on a island
17:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> its 24C
17:12 < bridge> <oxyzo.> are you participating in a mrbeast challenge
17:16 < bridge> <0xdeen> I think that's how you wrote it in your guide. Will change for rc2
17:17 < bridge> <0xdeen> See TW_VERSION_NAME in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8550#issuecomment-2463130180
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> no i went to gf familiy, in canary islands
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> im returning home today tho
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> ddnet android pog
17:18 < bridge> <robyt3> It looks like you set `TW_VERSION_NAME` to `DDNet-18.8-rc1`, anything after "Version" in the Android UI is the user-defined version string
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> dab on those iphone users
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> :dab:
17:19 < bridge> <robyt3> Not sure if it was really worth it to put the app name as a command argument, that's supposed to be for forks
17:21 < bridge> <0xdeen> You had `export TW_VERSION_NAME=DDNet-18.7-20241101` in the comment I linked, so I wasn't sure if it's required or not
17:22 < bridge> <robyt3> Ah, my bad
18:15 < bridge> <tsfreddie> sleeping gn
18:17 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> gn freddie
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @soulyvevo We currently also have non-ascii character named skins in the db (only a few tho)
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddnet.org/skins/index.php?search=%24creator%3Acammodude
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think for the international community it's best to stay with english only, what are your thoughts?
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We'd probably need to add a check to the ddnet bot to prevent such names then too
19:04 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i strongly agree
19:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> i abandoned ocaml, im trying gleam now
19:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> will you solve one riddle on your gpu
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> wot
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> gleam is not gpu
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> it compiles to BEAM (erlang) or js
19:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but that doesnt answer my question xd
19:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> but it has rust-like tooling
19:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> no idk shaders
19:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> i need to learn them in depth someday
19:43 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @murpi u think it would be hard to add a simple check for that in the bot? doesn't hurry, but if u have some todo list add it there xd
19:52 < bridge> <pioooooo> this str is not internationalized?
19:52 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313216359471251559/38e99f347abdfc70.png?ex=674f538a&is=674e020a&hm=d2abd2dae472130bd3d37fd488fece9f00963ba49e166e6a6498db0f31591735&
19:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Open a PR
19:54 < bridge> <robyt3> It localized in the code, but I guess it breaks the language script because of the escaped quotes. Easiest would be to switch to single quotes
19:55 < bridge> <robyt3> It's localized in the code, but I guess it breaks the language script because of the escaped quotes. Easiest would be to switch to single quotes
20:21 < bridge> <soulyvevo> feels weird having the same image being used for editor and console
20:22 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i was using a semi transparent image for editor earlier
20:22 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313223665508417546/ihlhfawfhiwapf.png?ex=674f5a58&is=674e08d8&hm=44f06e4b8211ae953c9db72a58a3aee529a1eae42df30cba2c53f02f2fdcf5a4&
20:22 < bridge> <soulyvevo> but doing the same now results in a weird looking console
20:22 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313223825747611668/screenshot_2024-12-02_20-22-10.png?ex=674f5a7e&is=674e08fe&hm=574a40d22d5f413975a07210a0fa6d165a50d2f8841e73ee682422405a57bd72&
20:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> wow
20:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> new consoles
20:32 < ws-client> <blackkent> @soulyvevo this is bag lol
20:32 < bridge> <oxyzo.> üõçÔ∏è 
20:32 < bridge> <oxyzo.> üëú 
20:32 < bridge> <oxyzo.> üí∞
21:01 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> oh wtf that looks kind of cool
21:01 < bridge> <soulyvevo> hard to read text sometimes tho
21:02 < bridge> <soulyvevo> especially when opening it in server browser
21:51 < bridge> <zhn> what file did you replace?
21:53 < bridge> <soulyvevo> background_noise.png
21:56 < bridge> <zhn> i can't even find this file xd
21:58 < bridge> <zhn> ok found
22:02 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> @jupeyy_keks you know how you want different skins to have different sounds?
22:02 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> is it too early to try and sorta, make sounds for ü§ñ skin?
22:02 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> i wanna do something fun and im bored
22:02 < bridge> <soulyvevo> make a walking sound for tees
22:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> theres already one
22:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> its unused
22:03 < bridge> <zhn> ok it's very funny
22:03 < bridge> <zhn> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313249181368062013/image.png?ex=674f721b&is=674e209b&hm=b236d1a76c99ba3e89d2657325b6e10018bdbc8ed98327dfb14b5ada9c8d7874&
22:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313249248451493958/foley_foot_left-01.mp3?ex=674f722b&is=674e20ab&hm=14b6f1c50b973ede145b8f6e99ae0f330edbb17b6bb11f51aa34bc83ee10a32a&
22:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313249248883773511/foley_foot_right-01.mp3?ex=674f722b&is=674e20ab&hm=6ba3459d2b1ffb3a251dea61fda34a1a103f05d6527391f51a170e90dc19bc0f&
22:03 < bridge> <_voxeldoesart> or this is for something else
22:05 < bridge> <zhn> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313249670755123321/image.png?ex=674f7290&is=674e2110&hm=131a8edce09bc68ca368759c8ff0172d2776b8f18ae9a45eaed063d04e9119c8&
22:06 < bridge> <oxyzo.> why did you switch it to that
22:06 < bridge> <zhn> the only 128x128bpng i found in game folder
22:07 < bridge> <oxyzo.> now switch it to twinbop with boobs:ddnet_lgbt:
22:07 < bridge> <robyt3> It should just load images of any size
22:08 < bridge> <zhn> oh :justatest:
22:09 < bridge> <zhn> furry comes
22:11 < bridge> <zhn> why does it affect default console.png though
22:12 < bridge> <robyt3> console.png does not exist anymore
22:12 < bridge> <zhn> :justatest:
22:12 < bridge> <zhn> why
22:12 < bridge> <oxyzo.> i ate it
22:13 < bridge> <robyt3> replace with background_noise.png
22:13 < bridge> <robyt3> replaced with background_noise.png
22:13 < bridge> <zhn> but what if i want different bgs for console and editor :justatest:
22:15 < bridge> <melo∆û> NO
22:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.khronos.org/news/press/khronos-streamlines-development-and-deployment-of-gpu-accelerated-applications-with-vulkan-1.4 @jupeyy_keks
23:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> the new background color for selected completion is really hard to see
23:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313263485441933513/249dfab27edae251.webp?ex=674f7f6e&is=674e2dee&hm=59321ba6cb1ab3e927980294e6c1151afa1b6cf937d854711b9c1ab70cdb7ef4&
23:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> especially as i have a not very good monitor that shows dark part almost all the same
23:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> especially as i have a not very good monitor that displays dark part almost all the same
23:42 < bridge> <Sans> For translations, do they have to be exact or make sense in the language?
23:43 < bridge> <Sans> For example (romanian)
23:43 < bridge> <Sans> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313274291642564699/image.png?ex=674f897e&is=674e37fe&hm=bf1037fb57b2f732fb27d6d3a5561e1588d7e953ec1063ddb43eb1cd05a57af8&
23:43 < bridge> <Sans> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313274291839569970/image.png?ex=674f897e&is=674e37fe&hm=347615f104051810fe8f6e72f45e8b5ad9582445d129367b7189f2156b8185b6&
23:44 < bridge> <Sans> "Emoticon" would best be translated and understood as itself, it's a borrowed word in our language anyway, and "figurine" doesn't make sense, if anything "emoji" would make more sense, but I'm not sure if it's alright to call an emote and emoji, I see them as the same thing, but others might not
23:46 < bridge> <zhn> to make sense
23:47 < bridge> <Sans> "Emoticon" would best be translated and understood as itself, it's a borrowed word in our language anyway, and "figurine" doesn't make sense, if anything "emoji" would make more sense, but I'm not sure if it's alright to call an emote an emoji, I see them as the same thing, but others might not
23:47 < bridge> <Sans> alright
23:48 < bridge> <melo∆û> Emoticon isn't the same as emoji btw, they're not synonyms
23:48 < bridge> <Sans> my point exactly
23:48 < bridge> <Sans> i didnt dig enough into the differences between emotes and emojis
23:49 < bridge> <Sans> and i reckon im not the only one :kekw:
23:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> You can't translate everything one to one
23:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
23:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> If I had to read dummy as Attrappe in German I'd quit the game :monkaStop:
23:49 < bridge> <Sans> i cant tell if i should laugh
23:49 < bridge> <Sans> at any rate, "Emoticon" like I said is best translated in romanian as "Emoticon" :))
23:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> Listen to the pronunciation of Attrappe
23:51 < bridge> <Sans> Is there a way to get context for translations? Here either "salt", "sƒÉriturƒÉ" or "sari" fits, but without context it's hard to pick one
23:51 < bridge> <Sans> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313276480863735879/image.png?ex=674f8b88&is=674e3a08&hm=43b8fcef7122df7d5ad92071636f243794bd1c9c4d992530b8075f03bee6c8bf&
23:54 < bridge> <melo∆û> Are these the newly added translations for mobile ?
23:55 < bridge> <melo∆û> Because then it's just the `jump` button
23:59 < bridge> <Sans> could be
