00:08 < bridge> <rutujek> did
00:09 < bridge> <rutujek> i will try later
00:48 < bridge> <totar> can I get feedback on this PR, do people like it?
00:48 < bridge> <totar> can I get feedback on this PR, do people like it?
00:48 < bridge> <totar> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8703
00:48 < bridge> <totar> can I get feedback on this PR, do people like it?
00:48 < bridge> <totar> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8703
00:48 < bridge> <totar> https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/22122579/356786520-3bc0a303-03e7-4f01-8a9b-b60010ebdd2d.mp4?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3MjMzMzAxNTksIm5iZiI6MTcyMzMyOTg1OSwicGF0aCI6Ii8yMjEyMjU3OS8zNTY3ODY1MjAtM2JjMGEzMDMtMDNlNy00ZjAxLThhOWItYjYwMDEwZWJkZDJkLm1wND9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09
00:48 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1271963477405073469/Base_Profile_2024.08.09_-_22.34.13.203.Dvr-1.mp4?ex=66b93fcc&is=66b7ee4c&hm=29450e16c2fd28bb693f63fa74018cd0b65a11d021cbf00990d852314c87279b&
00:48 < bridge> <totar> can I get feedback on this PR, do people like it?
00:48 < bridge> <totar> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8703>
00:56 < bridge> <totar> Congrats on 0.7 support @chillerdragon
01:18 < bridge> <zhn> matodors suggestion is kinda what id expect from any interactive gui (it shouldn't overlap though xd)
01:18 < bridge> <zhn> also it would be handful for mobile version
01:29 < bridge> <totar> yeah I will ensure no overlap
01:29 < bridge> <teero777> maybe post in showroom? only 6 people are active in #developer lol
01:29 < bridge> <totar> ok
01:37 < bridge> <louis> good change
02:30 < bridge> <totar> @fokkonaut you can mark PR as draft if it's WIP
02:55 < bridge> <APFFF> Does anyone know how to generate `DDNet.exe` (as well as `steam_api.dll`) in` /build` instead of `/build/Debug` using **cmake**?
02:55 < bridge> <APFFF> Does anyone know how to generate `DDNet.exe` (as well as `steam_api.dll`) in `/build` instead of `/build/Debug` using **cmake**?
02:57 < bridge> <louis> although i feel the slider buttons should move out <> as well as up down
02:58 < bridge> <louis> animations on un-hover would be dope too but idk if there's support for that
03:08 < bridge> <totar> I didn't want to do that because it hard to tell where the end of the slider is when the bar is overlapping it
03:08 < bridge> <totar> but maybe it would be better idk
03:08 < bridge> <totar> wdym by animations on un-hover
03:12 < bridge> <louis> oh good point
03:12 < bridge> <louis> i mean fade back to normal color and fast but smooth scale down to original size
03:12 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> thanks <:poggers2:1008007455936094328> @totar 
03:13 < bridge> <louis> eh, animations are pretty pointless for ddnet ui
03:13 < bridge> <totar> ah
03:13 < bridge> <totar> idk it's not like css where I can add the animation in 3 lines
03:13 < bridge> <totar> it would be sorta annoying
03:13 < bridge> <louis> yeah ü§£
03:42 < bridge> <teero777> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272007319273869394/ebhjx405bxua1.png?ex=66b968a1&is=66b81721&hm=bdacd962e575a8808f17262cfac4f05d61a5ef580441cb8b39aaa7d14ee1ae14&
03:43 < bridge> <teero777> @ryozuki can confirm?
08:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kaffeine0: did you name the folder skins7 or did I? If so why? If there is no reason I agree with @robyt3 to rename it to just skins so its shared with the vanilla teeworlds client.
09:32 < bridge> <kaffeine0> Probably it was me: https://github.com/ChillerDragon/ddnet/pull/3/commits/f0aa9fc520bb64086d088b23a1baa935e1ec728e
09:35 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So what do you think about renaming it to skins? @kaffeine0
09:37 < bridge> <kaffeine0> You named the class (classes) `skins7` but didn't add any data. We already have `maps7`, so the skins would be consistent with that. I thought it would be easier to manage it this way. The skins7 dataset seems to be completely different, and not intersecting with skins6.
09:37 < bridge> <kaffeine0> On one hand it means that we won't have filename conflicts, and on the other I don't see 'share with vanilla' be a good reason: ddnet is always installed to a different directory, and the local files are not in `~/.teeworlds` but in `~/.local/share/ddnet`.
09:42 < bridge> <kaffeine0> IOW, what are the real cases of possible data sharing with vanilla 0.7?
09:42 < bridge> <kaffeine0> Did I understand correctly that we're about the client installations? In case of the source repository, vanilla stores the skins in `datasrc/skins`, and DDNet stores it at `data/skins` (and ATM 0.7 skins in DDNet stored at `data/skins7`).
09:53 < bridge> <kaffeine0> In my humble opinion, the renaming and possible sharing with vanilla does not worths it. I don't see cases where it will give us significant (or any measurable) benefits. Having different (incompatible and non-intersecting) data sets in different directories seems to be a better idea, and aligns with `maps`.
10:03 < bridge> <kaffeine0> In a different situation it could be beneficial to change layouts to automatically get user's 0.7 custom skins.
10:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> my ddnet is in `~/.teeworlds`
10:35 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> `maps7` exists because maps are potentially different in 0.6 and 0.7 so they need to folders to avoid conflicts with the filenames. The skin files are comptatible and not conflicting.
10:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I see two advantages of `skins` over `skins7` one is that players can switch from vanilla to ddnet without losing their skins. And the other is that we do not bloat yet another 7 folder into the file tree.
10:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> In the code I used the 7 suffix to mark 0.7 stuff because otherwise it would conflict with 0.6 and also heinrich asked for 7 suffixes.
10:49 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it seems so unfun to implement üò¨. Btw @learath2 do you know a reason why in `CallMe` it uses 8 bytes variable when the struct fits in 4?
10:49 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272114644982566974/image.png?ex=66b9cc96&is=66b87b16&hm=bf8bd91501a94914c6122a3826671fc4ab8d62acbc1a1858a27079ab5eb325cf&
10:49 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it seems so unfun to implement üò¨. Btw @learath2 do you know a reason why in `CallMe` it uses 8 bytes for local variable when the struct fits in 4?
10:49 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272114644982566974/image.png?ex=66b9cc96&is=66b87b16&hm=bf8bd91501a94914c6122a3826671fc4ab8d62acbc1a1858a27079ab5eb325cf&
10:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://github.com/fzyzcjy/flutter_rust_bridge
10:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cjycode.com/posts/rust-ui-flutter/
10:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://chevyray.dev/blog/creating-175-fonts/
11:15 < bridge> <learath2> sysv amd64 abi wants rsp to be aligned to 16 before call, after the call rsp will be 8 from 16 alignment, so the new function needs to allocate another 8 to get it back to alignment
11:21 < bridge> <learath2> What's more interesting is that even if you don't call `Yep` but use `-mno-red-zone` it'll still keep the stack in 16 alignment, guess it's being conservative
11:30 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i mean, wouldn't it work if it used `DWORD PTR` instead of `QWORD PTR`?
11:31 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i mean, would it not work if it used `DWORD PTR` instead of `QWORD PTR`?
11:53 < bridge> <dynamofox> Ohm, may I ask you which Linux distribution are you using and which SDL2 version you're linking against?
11:54 < bridge> <learath2> The abi doesn't split registers. I'm guessing it also isn't any faster to mov 32bits rather than 64 so no point bothering with special codegen for smaller than eightbyte arguments. But idk for certain
12:48 < bridge> <unkownuser0758_28133> guys, I started writing my client, how can I update it correctly, if a new DDNet update comes out, should I make my changes to the updated DDNet source code? Sorry for such a stupid question.
12:49 < bridge> <melo∆û> he was using nix, so he might've j
12:50 < bridge> <melo∆û> he was using nix, so he might've used nixOS, depending on his channel (stable or unstable) he either linked against 2.30.2 or 2.30.4
12:50 < bridge> <louis> you should merge new changes from ddnet updates into your own client
12:50 < bridge> <louis> are you using git?
12:51 < bridge> <unkownuser0758_28133> ok, thanks üôè
12:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> if it's a fork, you should be able to just update your fork via github.com
12:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
12:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> if you cloned it and removed the remote - you want to add ddnet as a new remote (e.g git remote add ddnet https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet) and pull it on top of your feature branch
12:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> if it's a fork, you should be able to just update your fork via github.com
12:51 < bridge> <melo∆û> 
12:52 < bridge> <melo∆û> if you cloned it and removed/changed the remote - you want to add ddnet as a new remote (e.g git remote add ddnet https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet) and pull it on top of your feature branch
13:23 < bridge> <unkownuser0758_28133> +
13:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then merge it with git as the suggest
13:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Did you keep the original ddnet history or is it a new repo from scratch?
13:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then merge it with git as they suggest
13:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Do you work on the master branch?
13:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you can give this a try
13:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ``git remote add ddnet https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet``
13:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ``git fetch ddnet``
13:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ``git merge ddnet/master``
13:55 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272161514840785009/image.png?ex=66b9f83c&is=66b8a6bc&hm=95f270029c750abe97bbbec7b0dba247c9566e3a25c64c0e10a6f54cfe55bf00&
13:55 < bridge> <rutujek> help
13:55 < bridge> <rutujek> i did in cfg
13:55 < bridge> <rutujek> file
13:55 < bridge> <rutujek> sv_register ipv4
13:56 < bridge> <rutujek> can somebody help?
13:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> how did you call your config
13:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i doubt it was even loaded
13:57 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272161897143074910/image.png?ex=66b9f897&is=66b8a717&hm=0d4c4377ae8362f80aa4ca65b4d489232c4a9d8348a051b5b0261fa372553317&
13:57 < bridge> <rutujek> i didnt renamed it
13:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and where is that file?
13:57 < bridge> <rutujek> data folder
13:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> mhh
13:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> add a `echo "I was here"`
13:58 < bridge> <rutujek> want screenshare?
13:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nah sry xd
13:59 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272162397712547874/image.png?ex=66b9f90f&is=66b8a78f&hm=f69a808e838515f7f95ba89e908846f5b27cf39ca762fc8378b6b9181bdb35df&
13:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and sv_register ipv4 is at the end of the file?
13:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and `sv_register ipv4` is at the end of the file?
13:59 < bridge> <rutujek> at the end?
13:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the last line
14:00 < bridge> <rutujek> oh wait
14:00 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272162725895864420/image.png?ex=66b9f95d&is=66b8a7dd&hm=e81857f7589c22f65af42cffef29c52b0c3608d0e2da0d4c4c2a38dcfa336f8e&
14:00 < bridge> <rutujek> so it isnt working bc its here?
14:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just try to move it to end
14:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if that doesn't work, then i'd say it's a bug in ddnet
14:02 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272163194785370284/image.png?ex=66b9f9cd&is=66b8a84d&hm=08020c915f272713242347b3425e5d45833d4a288059e8092c55063c3749d157&
14:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @rutujek: Debian update failed?
14:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so works now?
14:03 < bridge> <rutujek> idk
14:03 < bridge> <rutujek> wait i will check
14:03 < bridge> <rutujek> working
14:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So sv\_register was there twice? I called that yesterday hehe
14:04 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272163853261733928/image.png?ex=66b9fa6a&is=66b8a8ea&hm=3ac4b048c2d39c1f3dc42879e4448fdfe5eaf4536e3f46b814f3cf33c452a135&
14:05 < bridge> <rutujek> no
14:05 < bridge> <rutujek> i added it to end
14:05 < bridge> <rutujek> bc it was
14:05 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272163935977738313/image.png?ex=66b9fa7e&is=66b8a8fe&hm=4f3cee718e9378b571eb90e605f6429268d739dde0f5950d2b155e2feaf35996&
14:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xd
14:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> don't question the 0.7 god
14:06 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If it did not work on the top but on the bottom it works that means it was there already
14:06 < bridge> <rutujek> it wasnt
14:06 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Can you post your lines 40-50 of your config?
14:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @rutujek do
14:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `cat autoexec_server.cfg | grep sv_register`
14:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> What happend to Debian 12 btw? @rutujek
14:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Cring cat into grep @jupeyy_keks
14:07 < bridge> <rutujek> when i installed it
14:07 < bridge> <rutujek> i cant connect puppy
14:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> putty?
14:07 < bridge> <rutujek> ssh didnt work
14:07 < bridge> <rutujek> putty
14:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which option did you select?
14:08 < bridge> <rutujek> ssh
14:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Keep current or update config?
14:08 < bridge> <rutujek> always
14:08 < bridge> <rutujek> keep
14:08 < bridge> <rutujek> current
14:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Weird
14:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> iksde
14:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cringe 0.7
14:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> no mercy
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Indeed
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> All cool kids talk about 0.8 anyways
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It will have colored lasers
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And slopes
14:09 < bridge> <rutujek> to make multiple servers i need to create other folders and make cmake and make command?
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And harpoons
14:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No @rutujek
14:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Just run the same command twice
14:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> In the same folder
14:10 < bridge> <rutujek> oh okay
14:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But you need a different port
14:10 < bridge> <rutujek> i can change it in cfg
14:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes every server needs its own port
14:11 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Or use sv\_port 0 then it will use the first free port it finds
14:11 < bridge> <rutujek> oh okay
14:11 < bridge> <rutujek> thx
14:11 < bridge> <chillerdragon> np
14:12 < bridge> <rutujek> to install discord bot i need to install it in data folder
14:12 < bridge> <rutujek> or in build
14:12 < bridge> <rutujek> ?
14:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> What discord bot
14:12 < bridge> <rutujek> ddnet
14:12 < bridge> <rutujek> from github
14:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> BTW putty is cring you don‚Äôt need to install software on modern windows to ssh
14:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You can just run ssh in your command prompt
14:13 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Idk ddnet discord bot but I doubt it has to be in the build folder. You mean the one with the point stats and all?
14:13 < bridge> <matodor> Hey, any news about revert 0.7 skin system?
14:13 < bridge> <rutujek> i mean i only will use submit map system
14:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Why?
14:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt know how to set it up. But I assume it‚Äôs not as straightforward as a ddnet server
14:14 < bridge> <matodor> Ugly + cringe
14:14 < bridge> <rutujek> i go to toilet
14:15 < bridge> <matodor> Skibidi?
14:15 < bridge> <matodor> One file skin system is perfect
14:15 < bridge> <matodor> Easy to support and draw
14:16 < bridge> <matodor> Combine skin parts = ugly skins
14:16 < bridge> <rutujek> @jupeyy_keks do you have cfg for voting ?
14:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> add_vote "test" "echo hi"
14:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but would be nice if you don't ping me, just ask. and maybe i answer
14:22 < bridge> <animepdf> ChillerDragon: did you see my new cool repo? I spent like 30 minutes on it üê¥
14:23 < bridge> <animepdf> It's Anime-pdf/FifoToDiscordBridge-tw
14:55 < bridge> <unkownuser0758_28133> first
14:55 < bridge> <unkownuser0758_28133> thx
15:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I saw now! Didn‚Äôt jiggsel build that already? But ye its for sure useful
15:35 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272186626419982389/image.png?ex=66ba0f9f&is=66b8be1f&hm=8e74a718efd361c548cffbe90116cd786b21836d0bdbc2137596efdf1e5a5e0b&
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao where did u get your map from
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it's invalid apparently
15:36 < bridge> <zhn> can't find any
15:38 < bridge> <zhn> @jxsl13 do you have fifo wrapper written in go?
15:38 < bridge> <jxsl13> no, just econ one
15:39 < bridge> <zhn> its time to write it xd
15:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> what would that he supposed to do, write data into a fifo file?
15:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> be*
15:39 < bridge> <zhn> https://github.com/Anime-pdf/FifoToDiscordBridge-tw
15:39 < bridge> <zhn> lemme check
15:40 < bridge> <zhn> econ-like interaction with usr of logfile and fifo
15:40 < bridge> <zhn> so basically its econ but with fifo xd
15:41 < bridge> <dynamofox> By chance, you had to set `SDL2_VIDEO_DRIVER=wayland` to get it running this way, right? And it was the GLES backend I guess.
15:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> well
15:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> no
15:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> xD
15:43 < bridge> <jxsl13> one could make using fifo +logfile lightly easier but I'd go the econ way for that
15:44 < bridge> <jxsl13> and just using the fifo file, is basically writing to a file, which is a stdlib functionality
15:44 < bridge> <jxsl13> slightly easier to use*
15:46 < bridge> <zhn> yeah but using tcp connection is stdlib functionality too
15:46 < bridge> <jxsl13> but you need to login
15:46 < bridge> <jxsl13> so a little bit more
15:46 < bridge> <zhn> its read + write before use
15:48 < bridge> <jxsl13> the econ wrapper is small indeed
15:48 < bridge> <jxsl13> still. I don't see any use case for a fifo wrapper
15:50 < bridge> <zhn> its literally econ but another syscalls
15:50 < bridge> <zhn> change my mind :troll:
15:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: why am i not allowed to see the server's ip anymore
15:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272190931868844052/image.png?ex=66ba13a2&is=66b8c222&hm=433d5fcb657344f0afd46858b67712c97abc85b1a155a1fac72dea7877736e0a&
15:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> not happening
15:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> url syntax sucks ass, can we pls get this info from the master server list
17:18 < bridge> <rutujek> i downloaded it on github
17:18 < bridge> <rutujek> i downloaded it from github
17:18 < bridge> <rutujek> bc i uploaded it there
17:29 < bridge> <rutujek> i just added my map üò≠
17:29 < bridge> <rutujek> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272215328729989201/image.png?ex=66ba2a5a&is=66b8d8da&hm=73c9b7d67a256d01b6932c9c86c5e4af900ad19b9387b62de654008d65c64932&
17:32 < bridge> <rutujek> i can connect using ip
17:32 < bridge> <rutujek> but it doesnt show in server menu
18:37 < bridge> <kekomonter> GIF support xd
18:37 < bridge> <kekomonter> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272232346581467250/2024-08-11_21-35-56.mp4?ex=66ba3a34&is=66b8e8b4&hm=014e473ff2e88fb3adebdb084c2dce17a3183583c5827dc34d4591bf41bbfde0&
18:37 < bridge> <kekomonter> https://tenor.com/view/speed-wheelchair-me-running-late-gif-14178485
18:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> r that just many images uploaded, or real gif?
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 have u ever tried this amazing trick:
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> git checkout Client-Touch-Input-Ingame
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> git add src/
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> git commit --amend --no-edit
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> git push --force
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 10/10 would execute
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 9/10 doctors recommend it
18:57 < bridge> <kekomonter> Real gif
18:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> how did u add support to the graphics backend? xd
19:16 < bridge> <kekomonter> Just loading a lot of textures and switch between them xd
19:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah k, i think patiga already wrote a tool that can do that
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> for maps
19:17 < bridge> <kekomonter> Used FreeImage for loading gif data
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but sadly ddnet maps only allow 64 images
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 üòÆ
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> epyc
19:17 < bridge> <kekomonter> I created this just for fun and maybe for chat emojis xd
19:18 < bridge> <kekomonter> Thinking about add 3d models support & chromium xd
19:18 < bridge> <robyt3> I'm still thinking about the adjustable controls. How would you represent button positions? Currently I lay them out on a 120x120 grid because it's easy for testing, but that makes it weird to configure because e.g. 10x10 buttons don't look square and it requires additional hacks to get the joystick button to be square. I guess mapped screen position makes the most sense (height is 1200, width is 1200 * screenAspect). The only issue with that is it 
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i thought about that too already.
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think no matter what you do it will always break between two setups.
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I guess using our coordinate system is defs ok
19:20 < bridge> <robyt3> When support for animated pixel art :justatest:
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> animations are a hard topic. if you just use it for a logo or smth fine. if u have low animation speed for like 8-bit looking stuff, fine.
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If however you want "realistic" animations. Then FPS bound animations always suck. And metamorphic animations are pretty hard
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> animations are a hard topic. if you just use it for a logo or smth fine. if u have low animation speed for like 8-bit looking stuff, fine.
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If however you want "realistic" animations. Then FPS bound animations always suck. And morphic* animations are pretty hard
19:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 do you plan to build a "default" control mapping that executes once if there was no config ever before. Like re-use the adjustable controls even for the "hardcoded" ones?
19:38 < bridge> <robyt3> I would use the storage system I guess, `data/touch_controls.json` and `user/touch_controls.json`, then hard-code a layout in `data`
19:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so as soon as you define a custom button the default is overwritten?
19:39 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, as soon as you save the layout once, you override the default layout with this
19:39 < bridge> <robyt3> but there would be a button to restore the default
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> alright. And another thing i couldn't really read from your notes.
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> How exactly do you plan to differenciate button behavior types?
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> like do you use an enum for hardcoded actions + one enum variant is called "console", which is then used for console commands?
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It looks like you want to inherit, but at serialization step that would get _kinda_ weird or does it not?
19:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:42 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I mean you can defs detect different classes by different attributes showing up in the JSON
19:45 < bridge> <robyt3> The attribute `type` in the example (https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1268628948779274272) is supposed to differentiate between different behavior types. Predefined behaviors are hard-coded string values from a list. With type `bind` it would just use `ExecuteLineStroked` but because it can't know how to label the button the label would also have to be defined.
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah ok
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok then another last thing.
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> U have a visibility attribute for "menu". Not very important, but maybe it could even allow to have multiple menus, so give the menu an ID, so different functionality can be collapsed
19:47 < bridge> <robyt3> I see, that seems useful. So you could also nest menus in each other I guess
19:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah true
19:49 < bridge> <robyt3> I would probably leave adjustable visibility-functions for later though, until the rest of the adjustable controls work. For predefined buttons there could be an inherent visibility function hard-coded, like currently.
19:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, most important for now seems to adjust position of existing buttons anyway
19:52 < bridge> <robyt3> How would you enter and exit button-editing mode? Enter with a button in the normal menu. Exit with back button. While in editing mode, pressing buttons brings up a popup to edit them. Clicking empty space brings up a popup to add buttons or configure general settings (or exit editing mode).
19:54 < bridge> <robyt3> Dragging buttons to move/resize would be nice, but just editing their properties in a popup would also work good enough for the beginning
19:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i think i'd simply use the ESC menu and have a "edit mode" checkbox
19:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but if you think a popup is ez too, why not
19:55 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, checkbox also makes sense
19:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but yeah i'd not use a drag & drop feature as a first start
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that seems pretty hard and might contain bugs easily
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> a simple list might be good enough
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> except you have lot of motivation, or think it's really ez
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but it sounds to me like an editor already
19:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so not trivial enough
19:58 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, lot's of small things to consider to make it a full editor, I'll try to go for an easy solution first
19:59 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, lots of small things to consider to make it a full editor, I'll try to go for an easy solution first
20:31 < bridge> <rutujek> help ;c
20:31 < bridge> <rutujek> i changed map from tutorial to my
20:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> exec iptables command again
20:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did u restart ur vps or smth?
20:42 < bridge> <rutujek> no
20:42 < bridge> <rutujek> OH
20:42 < bridge> <rutujek> i see problem
20:43 < bridge> <rutujek> i did sv port think to 0 bc somebody said it will choose free port
20:43 < bridge> <rutujek> but it choosed 8303
20:43 < bridge> <rutujek> and it is in lan
20:43 < bridge> <rutujek> group
20:43 < bridge> <rutujek> -_-
21:14 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Tell me you're not running the client on ur vps :justatest:
21:23 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @learath2 What data do you think has to be stored in symbol table item for a function parameter to be able to find a spot in memory where the parameter is located. The only thing I've came up with is to store a vector of types which are before the parameter xd
21:25 < bridge> <rutujek> no
21:25 < bridge> <rutujek> i mean in comment
21:25 < bridge> <rutujek> is 8303 port is in lan tab
21:25 < bridge> <rutujek> and i did port 0
21:29 < bridge> <learath2> That‚Äôs what you need indeed. Atleast for most abis, the order and types of args uniquely determines the locations if each
21:29 < bridge> <learath2> s\/if/of/
22:02 < bridge> <fluffysnaff> @teero777 did the double jump tile work or did you need to fix it
22:02 < bridge> <fluffysnaff> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7sskz_LKi0
22:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://x.com/QuantaMagazine/status/1491065395704647683
22:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok i take out my scissor and try that
22:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am always impressed how intelligent acient greek was compared to the early medival times
22:32 < bridge> <teero777> it is in the prediction by default.
23:19 < bridge> <fluffysnaff> in my code it skipped this tile, switch number was 0
23:19 < bridge> <fluffysnaff> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1272303416529653760/Discord_jAynLiylID.png?ex=66ba7c64&is=66b92ae4&hm=04486d948f5f1739077d541443ea0505c2b4fa9dec10a4c157f70241af7e5d13&
23:22 < bridge> <fluffysnaff> maybe my bug only tho
23:23 < bridge> <teero777> why are you discussing bots in #developer ?
23:39 < bridge> <melo∆û> :justatest:
