01:02 < bridge> <fokkonaut> How to add a server setting to map which is non-default?
01:03 < bridge> <fokkonaut> It doesnt seem to work anymore, since there's this auto completion list now
01:03 < bridge> <fokkonaut> which btw is also broken on startups, you can use `sv_team "0"`, and it throws an error due to quotes
01:03 < bridge> <fokkonaut> Oh, I found the question mark
02:10 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hello world in C be like
02:10 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1722038955.png
02:38 < bridge> <remakepower> I..... don't know if we need to do this actually.
05:24 < bridge> <yzy.syn> what would you guys think about adding an option to let your hookline go through tees and walls to know range?
05:25 < bridge> <yzy.syn> talked to broken and daria about it, broken said hes thought about the concept before and daria said hookline is a crutch but I still think itd be cool
06:45 < bridge> <sedonya> gm
07:41 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @jupeyy_keks i need to install https://packages.debian.org/bookworm/google-android-platform-tools-installer for `adb` right?
07:42 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @jupeyy_keks i need to install https://packages.debian.org/bookworm/google-android-platform-tools-installer for `adb`, right?
07:44 < bridge> <milkeeycat> nvm i found package called `adb` xd
07:58 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ok there's a wall of text xd
07:59 < bridge> <milkeeycat> finally there's something about ddnet
08:04 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @robyt3 @jupeyy_keks
08:04 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266637274594934844/message.txt?ex=66a5df63&is=66a48de3&hm=630fda6b05dfc5f17f3e0eea489a492257a6cfc248ce563bcaddc2a85d41b93a&
08:05 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i think the most important part is dis :kek:
08:05 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266637530921439394/image.png?ex=66a5dfa0&is=66a48e20&hm=87adc83b473d0fd9219677bc63408d6157233294ade99df69f81e705523f1f63&
09:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `Cause: null pointer dereference` after a vk call
09:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> :frozen:
09:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but so deep inside the driver
09:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> where is llvm dev ryo:
09:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `llvm::canReplaceOperandWithVariable`
09:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
09:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
09:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @milkeeycat can u try OGL backend?
09:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
09:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you have to find the user config dir:
09:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> for me it was in `interal_storage/Android/data/org.ddnet.client/files/user`
09:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266658815064014908/settings_ddnet.cfg?ex=66a5f372&is=66a4a1f2&hm=348a28ce9dd247e82e5e1aba63c75f513b8a3002b9a87995a2d091e8b227aa87&
09:35 < bridge> <milkeeycat> there's no button to create a file in file manager
09:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cant u copy one in?
09:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> or move in
09:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> btw can you update your phone or is there no update available, just wondering
09:36 < bridge> <milkeeycat> there is but im scared of updated xd
09:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> mh ok
09:36 < bridge> <milkeeycat> you think after update it can be fixed by itself?
09:36 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i will not play ddnet on mobile anyways xd
09:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it could be a driver issue, but do as you like
09:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you are lucky there even is an update
09:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> often on android u'll simply get nothing and are doomed xd
09:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> what especially makes this weird is that it apparently happens during pipeline creation. that is kinda unexpected to crash in my opinion.. should be not too hard to catch by the validation layers
09:39 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it works with OGL üòÑ
09:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nice
09:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can u quickly go into one server and see if it renders correctly
09:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> on one of my phone the opengl backend is broken xDD
09:40 < bridge> <milkeeycat> oh boi, it's time to finish tutorial on da phone
09:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> epyc
09:40 < bridge> <learath2> Superior gfx api üí™
09:41 < bridge> <milkeeycat> true, fuck vulkan, all my homies use opengl
09:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> JupstarGL
09:42 < bridge> <learath2> Vulkan? More like Vulkant :xDe:
09:43 < bridge> <triki> it is gfx or cl
09:43 < bridge> <triki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1154149513905315962/image.png?ex=66a555ff&is=66a4047f&hm=10192b009454968a64b56e1d9208713970426b05b0d32bbe04c3b3c18048146b&
09:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if it crashes then it's like an eruption
09:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I don't know what kind of masochist you have to be to like playing ddnet on mobile, after 10 mins my fingers hurt so much xd
09:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266664887774478408/Screenshot_2024-07-27-10-52-13-581_org.ddnet.client.jpg?ex=66a5f91a&is=66a4a79a&hm=471175cdb997e0d3263c1df136243ebd94206121f57bb03a2d57d68b7fd37da4&
09:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> gg
09:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> are the controls on the right always active? xd
09:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the andrid buttons
09:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> no
09:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah k, that would be really annoying xD
09:55 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i just made a screenshot
09:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> press f10 üò¨
09:55 < bridge> <milkeeycat> jumping and walking was mission impossible üò¨
09:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah, u need hands from a different species than homo sapiens sapiens
10:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 we should maybe also add this to the android manifest
10:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
10:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> To declare which version of Vulkan your application requires, you should create a <uses-feature> element defining android.hardware.vulkan.version. See FEATURE_VULKAN_HARDWARE_VERSION for more details on the hardware version. You can also use android.hardware.vulkan.level to declare a required Vulkan feature level. See FEATURE_VULKAN_HARDWARE_LEVEL for more details on the feature level.
10:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
10:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> (https://developer.android.com/about/dashboards)
10:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but afaik it's only used to filter non working apps in the play store for unsupported devices or smth
10:30 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, but we have multiple backends, wouldn‚Äôt it block some devices that technically could have ran the ogl backend?
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dunno if google play store is made good and detects both
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> or if it is stupid and will just remove support xD
10:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> more research is needed i guess
10:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and then there is this one app that uses opengl and vulkan at the same time üò¨
10:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> there has to be that one app that breaks a bad concept xdd
10:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That‚Äôs why walk on tilt is best
10:39 < bridge> <heinrich5991> I'd be interested in submitting the app to google play eventually üôÇ
10:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 2025 the year of the mobile ddnet
10:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 10% remaining pc players will be bullied minority
10:42 < bridge> <milkeeycat> nono, 2025 is the year when ddnet gets account system
10:43 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yikes
10:43 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 2FA with the ddnet mobile app
10:43 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i hope this happens this year üò¨
10:43 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Nono this year is already the year of the 0.7
10:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> this year is year of ddpg
10:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Speaking of ‚Ä¶ @0xdeen when stop ghost me axaxax
10:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and if not i rq
10:44 < bridge> <milkeeycat> why are you laughing in russian?
10:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> im international
10:45 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Is Russian laughing only allowed in off topic?
10:45 < bridge> <chillerdragon> What about Russian smiley))))
10:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> (
10:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Vulkan first
10:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Vulkan first
10:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Vulkan first
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes we vulkan
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes we vul kan
10:46 < bridge> <milkeeycat> OpenGL -> :gigachad:
10:46 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Metal
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes we vul**kan**
10:46 < bridge> <chillerdragon> DirectX11
10:46 < bridge> <chillerdragon> lmao
10:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> dx11 is the most use graphics api
10:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just saiyan
10:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Wait is it 11?
10:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I tried to make a Wayland joke
10:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that things has a long way before it hits land
10:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that things has a long **way** before it hits **land**
10:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that thing has a long **way** before it hits **land**
10:49 < bridge> <milkeeycat> do you have projects in C, or do you have a favorite C repo?
10:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
10:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> my favorite pure c repo:
10:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://github.com/Jupeyy/teeworlds_skin_converter_06_to_07
10:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 0.7 Pog
10:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ok it also uses cpp
10:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nvm xd
10:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> C is one of the poggest high level languages
10:51 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i just can't decide what naming convention should my language have, so my idea is to look at few C projects and pick most used one :lol:
10:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just use rust one
10:51 < bridge> <headshotnoby> Direct3D 12
10:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> when i very fist learned to code c++
10:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i wrote stuff in snake_case completely
10:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> UPPPER\_hybrid\_camelCase ofc
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> good for rust, bcs otherwise i'd have probably hated it xd
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> epyc
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i hate 
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> camelCase the most
10:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> at this point I don‚Äôt care at all anymore
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> javascript fanbodys
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> javascript fanboys
10:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i also dont really care, you get used to it very quickly
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The only thing that scares me is having the function return type on a separate line
10:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> what
10:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i no understand my bro
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Lots of OG do it
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> int
10:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> main()
10:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah
10:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah honestly, a language without a formatter is just pain
10:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @milkeeycat invest the next 2 months writing a formatter
10:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @milkeeycat: or do lua approach. Just don‚Äôt recommend any style xd
10:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I guess C does the same
10:55 < bridge> <headshotnoby> supertux 0.1.1
10:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> man lua has way too much screentime in the ddnet movie
10:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Or do you write a Stdliv
10:55 < bridge> <headshotnoby> supertux 0.1.1 source code
10:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Xd
10:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs goat
10:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it sucks
10:55  * bridge <Jupstar ‚ú™> but factario uses it, it must be epyc
10:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> bam uses it
10:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And Roblox
10:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah yeah
10:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that thing
10:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Two best software in the whole world
10:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean it's better than pyson
10:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> React in lua
10:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but that isnt hard
10:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It compiles with a single Makefile
10:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Can‚Äôt beat that
10:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd rather rewrite whole ddnet in GLSL than to touch pyson or lua
10:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Wtf xd
10:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Jopsti
10:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Chiller
10:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Who better?
10:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's about time right?
10:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> pyson
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> or
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> java
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Time for wot
10:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> wow, you force me to choice between two bad words
10:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but it's java
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Jopsti Java enjoyer confirmed
10:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i thought you wanted to tell me smth personal now
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I can do that too
11:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòä
11:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Gender reveal
11:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Im male
11:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh no
11:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> how dare you
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: so how it's goin as male in asia? you found some asian wife alredy?
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: so how it's goin as male in asia? you found some asian wife already?
11:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i thought u chillin on the swimming pool all day
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> maybe... maybe yo- you're shy
11:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Would you believe me I am right now xd
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÆ
11:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ofc, you are the whole day
11:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> leak
11:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> make a photo from water (_so i can see water reflection :toptri: )
11:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> make a photo from water (_so i can see water reflection_ :toptri: )
11:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266682201538301962/ima_2f79325.jpeg?ex=66a6093a&is=66a4b7ba&hm=b0e948b25541e5f60d2e2f1b29664b9fdfd8498dc4e7e1950fcf660cc7de9569&
11:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the angle is not good
11:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i cant see any water
11:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> try from above, and look at your phone while doing so
11:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs water saving eco friendly pool
11:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> let me call my geoguesser friends
11:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266682510381813781/ima_c1d4e24.jpeg?ex=66a60984&is=66a4b804&hm=564e19dc174689fb4aacf74eaabd7c131ac3cab3ea48f3458f508c66e944ee75&
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> hot
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> first piece of the exodia
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> a nacked toe
11:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
11:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> toe reveal
11:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That would be twitch ban
11:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is my guess good?
11:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266682928080097381/image.png?ex=66a609e7&is=66a4b867&hm=eec14505e3624f3752ed164907be9e89a495a29154c228aec2880e1727ac4125&
11:06 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Woah pro geo guesser
11:06 < bridge> <coke1465> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/697145772801785876/1187339934252670996/Haraketli_Emoji_209.gif
11:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah the palms in the reflections revealed it
11:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i know them
11:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> personally
11:06 < bridge> <chillerdragon> xd
11:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Such \#developer chat
11:13 < bridge> <robyt3> What's our required "hardware level"? Seems unused by us so I don't think we need to specify it https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/PackageManager#FEATURE_VULKAN_HARDWARE_LEVEL
11:14 < bridge> <robyt3> Minimum hardware version is 1.1.0?
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah
11:14 < bridge> <robyt3> We can specify it as a non-required feature so it shouldn't interfere with old devices using OGL
11:21 < bridge> <milkeeycat> That's how i was writing c++ before ddnet
11:22 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I wanna try to make lsp üò¨
11:29 < bridge> <jxsl13> oy has revived
11:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> tell him to give me the teeworlds repo
11:29 < bridge> <jxsl13> denied
11:30 < bridge> <jxsl13> you can appeal within 30 days
11:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> before teeworlds dies again
11:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> now he just merges anything xDD
11:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> deen 2.0
11:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: it's your dream day
11:31 < bridge> <jxsl13> chiller wake up
11:31 < bridge> <jxsl13> party time
11:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u can finally say 0.7 lives as never before
11:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÇ
11:33 < bridge> <robyt3> Is OpenGL ES 1.0 supported on Android? The manifest says minimum is 3.0, but the 1.0.0 version appears in my ingame graphics settings
11:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @chillerdragon what did you write to matricks in your email xDD
11:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> _kinda_
11:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the old ddnet uses that
11:34 < bridge> <robyt3> So shouldn't we remove the `android:glEsVersion="0x00030000"` if we support any version?
11:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> do you want to deal with phones that are ancient?
11:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266690535385464924/image.png?ex=66a610fd&is=66a4bf7d&hm=0cf4ee9b674305fbeb4d5cac3908d9e7df67187e9e43f70675baa37eab6331cd&
11:36 < bridge> <robyt3> ok, that leaves ~0% for 1.0 so we can probably ignore that, but what about 2.0?
11:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah the 2.0 count as 1.0
11:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> GLES 2.0 is not supported by ddnet
11:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> GLES 2.0 is very different from OpenGL 2.0
11:37 < bridge> <robyt3> hmm, but if 1.0 works then it could use that instead?
11:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but GLES 3.0 is almost OpenGL 3.3
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I assume that could work. i never tested it
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> all emulators and phones that i have already have GLES 3 support
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so i didnt bother at all
11:38 < bridge> <robyt3> any device capable of 2.0 must also support the lower versions
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did u ever try on older sdks?
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did the emulators even work for you?
11:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i remember nothiing under android 6 worked for me
11:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ndks*
11:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well target version
11:39 < bridge> <robyt3> no, I'm not sure if that is easily possible anymore because new ndk versions don't support old API anymore
11:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> dunno how it's called lmao
11:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> mh ok
11:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well you'll have to deal with those ppl then :lol:
11:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if the opengl chart is right
11:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266691735266922567/image.png?ex=66a6121b&is=66a4c09b&hm=99761136e03230c050252004c17ad0e278094a884ba953d18e4219f71a9b5dc8&
11:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then we can assume a potion of android 6 & 7 users also has no GLES 3
11:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but it could also be that this potion are users with custom roms, which do it mostly for fun
11:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> hard to say
11:42 < bridge> <robyt3> our min API is 19 so we support every system in this graph technically
11:42 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üíÄ
11:42 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> heinrich some porn for your eyes
11:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well be prepared for weirdest crashes on android anyway
11:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i've seen some crash reports in google play console
11:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> they crash completely random xD
11:48 < bridge> <robyt3> Not sure if crash logs from release builds without debug info are any usable
11:48 < bridge> <robyt3> We are not storing the proguard symbol mapping, so any crashes on the Java side would be unreadable
11:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you can do the same as we do rn
11:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> build with deb info
11:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> strip them
11:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> see the backtrace
11:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the play console gives you a stacktrace similar to the windows thing we use
11:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just unix style
11:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> even better the play console let's you upload debug symbols separately
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but tbh, what java side
11:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> sdl is out of our reach anyway
11:50 < bridge> <robyt3> For every architecture separately, I guess
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, only 45 lines of Java code right now
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cant remember xd
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't know how it works with native libraries
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> If you use proguard you can upload the mapping files
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i can log into my play console when my brother is back from holiday
11:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did u ever use the play console?
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah
11:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah nice
11:52 < bridge> <robyt3> but not recently
11:52 < bridge> <robyt3> and the UI moves fast
11:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah xd
11:52 < bridge> <learath2> Are you guys seeing this?? Oy merging stuff
11:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 0.7 fanboys get wet, no joke
11:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> NO WAAAY
11:53 < bridge> <learath2> Chillerdragon just perished from the amount of joy
11:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> aaaaaaaaaa
11:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266695053653442571/image.png?ex=66a61532&is=66a4c3b2&hm=1e1836fe653e20d2a9aea78a9f914ec6259394cb38477ff5bbf52fd056b9eb1b&
11:53 < bridge> <melo∆û> AAAAAAAAAAAA
11:54 < bridge> <louis> after a year drought or something huh
11:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> robyte is now ddnet admin, teeworlds is dead
11:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
11:56 < bridge> <learath2> What if oy steals back our robyt and then ddnet dies instead?
11:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Steals back? Was robyt a teeworlds contributor?
11:57 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Steals back? Was Robyt a teeworlds contributor?
11:57 < bridge> <louis> i'll gladly take his admin spot
11:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then he should at least give me access to teeworlds repo
11:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> XD
11:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> teeworlds-pg
11:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòè
11:58 < bridge> <milkeeycat> teeworlds postgresql? :thonk:
11:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
11:58 < bridge> <egyt> –ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê
11:58 < bridge> <milkeeycat> when teeworlds-mongodb webscale? xd
12:01 < bridge> <egyt> –ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê[–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê](<https://en.uncyclopedia.co/wiki/AAAAAAAAA!>)–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê–ê
12:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> as soon as you add mongodb support to it
12:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i'd ofc accept that feature
12:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just for ryo's meme
12:01 < bridge> <milkeeycat> im postgres guy
12:01 < bridge> <learath2> ElasticSearch when?
12:02 < bridge> <learath2> Or BigQuery
12:02 < bridge> <milkeeycat> web3 teeworlds to store all shit in blockchain
12:03 < bridge> <learath2> Store inputs in the blockchain too
12:03 < bridge> <learath2> 15 minute input lag
12:13 < bridge> <jxsl13> https://tenor.com/view/thanos-vanish-gif-20470261
12:21 < bridge> <louis> http://shroobie.com/ can someone tell me if i'm hackable
12:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1722076200.png
12:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> aaaaaaaaaaaaa
12:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> no https
12:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so yes, you are hackable
12:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> someone could give you a completely different website with a virus
12:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> well i get errors in console besides that, some websocket cannot be opened
12:37 < bridge> <louis> ye i need to get https up ü´§
12:37 < bridge> <jxsl13> caddy server
12:37 < bridge> <jxsl13> ez
12:38 < bridge> <jxsl13> reverse proxy
12:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @robyt3 this isnt 0.8 is it? xd https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3140
12:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if oy creates 0.8 today i rq 
12:39 < bridge> <louis> this?
12:39 < bridge> <louis> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266706587863482378/image.png?ex=66a61ff0&is=66a4ce70&hm=a3bc9792d451cc2aa262e2ccf63bf78b422914574bded638595777c2409dbd41&
12:39 < bridge> <louis> idk how this even appeared xd
12:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266706664124583986/image.png?ex=66a62002&is=66a4ce82&hm=0e7ec21d6eac7192975bde16cb21dda5e7fee81e2c59dbaa028fe808be17a9d8&
12:40 < bridge> <louis> cant have 0.8 without water feature
12:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> at least the first looks important
12:40 < bridge> <louis> ah
12:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: so what was in your mail to matricks
12:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> leak it
12:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> how did u manage to trigger this event
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i didnt write it
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i should have
12:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> oof
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if i had known oy comes back i would have written 10 mails before that
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @Jupstar ‚ú™ im not sure if matricks has email notifactions so i wanted to ask him if he saw https://github.com/matricks/bam/pull/164
12:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> write matricks about your bam pr
12:41 < bridge> <robyt3> Not really 0.8, just adds support in the versionsrv (which probably should have been replaced by a HTTPS endpoint years ago)
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> now the teeworlds pipeline is almost passing it was passing in teeworlds-community for a while just recently broke and im blocked by matricks to fix it again 
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> now since oy is gone for another year after this the tw pipeline keeps being broken
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @jxsl13 its too late now
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> phew @robyt3 
12:44 < bridge> <jxsl13> maybe oy will be active tomorrow as well
12:44 < bridge> <jxsl13> don't loose hope
12:44 < bridge> <jxsl13> !
12:44 < bridge> <louis> can't he just add another maintainer?
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> sure @jxsl13 xd
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @louis no because oy refuses to join irc since a long time now
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @louis he also ignores mails
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and github ping
12:45 < bridge> <louis> what a bum
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ChillerDragon/oy-plz-come-irc
12:45 < bridge> <milkeeycat> come to his house and tell him about your prs
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> also there isnt really someone who wants to be the official responsible maintainer @louis 
12:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i would love to see are more distributed approach where a hand full people get merge powers and they can review if they find time
12:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> dont get me wrong dictators are amazing
12:46 < bridge> <louis> neither does oy, so üòÖ
12:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> just not when they are afk
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ddnet is officially dead
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> long live teeworlds
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1722077298.png
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> heinrich and deen being afk for 2 months piled quite a backlog
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> teeworlds is down to below 50 open prs 
12:51 < bridge> <jxsl13> ddnets downfall hast just begun
12:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> what is ddnet?
12:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> exactly
12:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> xD
13:04 < bridge> <jxsl13> ddnets downfall has~~t~~ just begun
13:06 < bridge> <learath2> omg now we'll never be able to remove 0.7 compatibility
13:06 < bridge> <jxsl13> yes!!!!
13:06 < bridge> <learath2> chiller will jerkoff about how oy suddenly showed up and merged 10prs a month ago
13:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its exciting
13:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but it was also kinda expected
13:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i was hoping that this time he joins irc tho
13:07 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so im actually more in a down mood
13:07 < bridge> <teero777> cool. is 0.7 now actually good? xdd
13:07 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no
13:07 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but less shit
13:07 < bridge> <teero777> xD
13:07 < bridge> <teero777> just skip 0.7 and go straight to 0.8
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> pls no 0.8
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> when people say 0.7 i never really know what they refer to
13:08 < bridge> <teero777> teeworlds
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you mean the client not the protocol?
13:08 < bridge> <teero777> yes
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> a few things changed in the 0.7 protocol too
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and in the client as well
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> today
13:08 < bridge> <teero777> :D
13:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> The biggest highlight might be the editor fix
13:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_fuA6Vt_c4
13:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> 0.7 will never die
13:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wait idk if it got merged
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cargo clean 
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™>      Removed 201210 files, 111.5GiB total
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ```
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nothing as amazing as executing this command from time to time
13:10 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea thats the most exciting thing of today i think xd @teero777 https://github.com/teeworlds/teeworlds/pull/3222
13:10 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you can actually create maps again
13:11 < bridge> <teero777> lol xD
13:12 < bridge> <teero777> ive never used the teeworlds map editor. is it better than ddnets?
13:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> not anymore
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> not after ppl fixed ddnet's broken editor xd
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> mostly archi & robyster
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and marmade
13:13 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ddnet editor is waaay ahead
13:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ddpg editor best
13:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am totally not biased
13:14 < bridge> <milkeeycat> do you have an editor?
13:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
13:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the fastest in the west
13:14 < bridge> <teero777> haha teeworlds compiles with 200 warnings
13:14 < bridge> <teero777> the only language is english?!
13:15 < bridge> <teero777> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266715455146557460/image.png?ex=66a62832&is=66a4d6b2&hm=bc5a8cb77c5ce6ca40a24040b5cbc826fcc2c0642277fc5a56dda9772d9fca1b&
13:15 < bridge> <teero777> xD
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u have to checkout the data dir
13:15 < bridge> <teero777> yea
13:15 < bridge> <jxsl13> ehm
13:15 < bridge> <teero777> ok
13:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if u want to compare. here i brush the whole game layer of the map "nostalgia" at ~40fps
13:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
13:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> might not sound impressive, but do that in ddnet editor üòÇ
13:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266716087408529408/image.png?ex=66a628c9&is=66a4d749&hm=8f30b8f4111b51ff4f297a03db19ba848bba49b52bff1f227b30bfde57b3e0df&
13:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> just buy more ram
13:18 < bridge> <teero777> what is that editor? xD
13:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the editor uses much more VRAM for sure xD
13:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ddpg
13:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i even streamed it for you once
13:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
13:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> jujapjapyingernetwork-rs
13:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the best i can do in ddnet editor
13:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266716581648400424/image.png?ex=66a6293f&is=66a4d7bf&hm=bd3496f8f5643c6b9b29cbbc55f8aefc601db2f48764d3b636959409f5a1b2cd&
13:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it doesnt let me zoom out more
13:20 < bridge> <louis> what causes it to have that glow
13:20 < bridge> <teero777> wth is it not possible to zoom in 0.7?
13:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> what glow do you mean
13:22 < bridge> <louis> around the unhookables üòπ
13:22 < bridge> <louis> they are radioactive
13:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah you mean the blur?
13:22 < bridge> <louis> ya
13:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @teero777 no zoom was always a ddrace client only cheat
13:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> did you start playing after ddnet was already a thing?
13:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i just tried some stuff out, e.g. while selecting blur layers under it
13:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266717489585197066/image.png?ex=66a62a17&is=66a4d897&hm=239d98c5a07d12cd252452b9cbcefab6d434e312d750b084f23aced041e00e91&
13:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> to hightlight it
13:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dunno xd
13:23 < bridge> <teero777> yes
13:23 < bridge> <teero777> i first played the game in 2017
13:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I always thought its common knowledge that zoom is considered a cheat
13:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> sure technically it could be allowed for specs
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh wow you didnt know
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> boomer
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah not wait
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> anti boomer
13:24 < bridge> <teero777> zoomer
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah no wait
13:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> Go send pr to add zoom and Oy might merge it in a year
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you too young
13:24 < bridge> <teero777> xD
13:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> real boomers would have known
13:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> together with all the other 50 prs he merges without looking at them
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but dont name it "add zoom"
13:25 < bridge> <teero777> LGTM
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> name it "fix editor"
13:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and he merges
13:25 < bridge> <teero777> xDDD
13:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> call it fix editor 2
13:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> or he says "mimimi all development should be done on the editor2 branch"
13:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> Add a full on backdoor and call it "fix typo"
13:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I am preparing that stunt since a few years now
13:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
13:26 < bridge> <teero777> XDDD
13:26 < bridge> <teero777> "why is my antivirus saying ddnet is a trojan?"
13:26 < bridge> <teero777> "why is my antivirus saying Teeworlds is a trojan?"
13:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> They say Jia Tan was a state funded hacker group playing the long game and building github credibility since 2021 to do xz backdoors
13:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I am brain washing heinrich, deen and oy into trusting my typo prs since 8 years
13:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1722079854.png
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nice
13:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if one of them will be a full on backdoor nobody will see it coming
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i also trust you
13:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it worked
13:34 < bridge> <jxsl13> chiller injecting invisible utf8 characters which restructure the whole codebase into a virus.
13:35 < bridge> <jxsl13> dyn cam is also a cheat
13:35 < bridge> <jxsl13> üî•
13:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes dyn cam is a hot topic xd
13:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but its in the official client since a while sooo...
13:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> not using it sadly has to be considered a skill issue
13:36 < bridge> <jxsl13> time to throw it out
13:36 < bridge> <jxsl13> >:D
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hm Oy is responding to my github comments
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> feels like talking to a ghost
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i have the urge to text him come irc
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> is he online on discord?
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @oy
13:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> whats his name?
13:38 < bridge> <hamidreza6> I don't think he's on discord
13:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> thanks for checking
13:38 < bridge> <hamidreza6> But I mailed him :d
13:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> lol
13:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÆ
13:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> good luck
13:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> HamidReza > ChillerDragon
13:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> what did you mail him?
13:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> facts
13:39 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Asked him to join irc
13:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> epic
13:39 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Actually I mailed him yesterday to tell him to update the repo lmao
13:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no you didnt
13:39 < bridge> <jxsl13> chiller man
13:40 < bridge> <jxsl13> he's destroying your reputation with single sentences here
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wait did you?
13:40 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Actually I mailed him yesterday to ask him to update the repo lmao
13:40 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Yeah
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> REALLY?
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> this is you?
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> go leak the email
13:40 < bridge> <milkeeycat> xddd
13:40 < bridge> <hamidreza6> You can't see images through irc can u?
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> not his email thats public git email i guess
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but the text u wrote
13:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no sadly not
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> fakin discord banned image exposing recently
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> but i can spawn some matrix client and see it there
13:41 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Yeah the one in his profile
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> what did u write tho
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> he never responded to my death threats
13:42 < bridge> <hamidreza6> He didn't respond to me either but
13:42 < bridge> <chillerdragon> lawyer jopsti do i have to mark this as a joke?
13:42 < bridge> <jxsl13> chillerdragon -> spam ->Y trash bin >:D
13:42 < bridge> <jxsl13> chillerdragon -> spam -> trash bin >:D
13:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> -.-
13:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: write to him from all your email accounts :justatest:
13:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea thats totally getting me out of his spam
13:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ok fak it im emailing papa magnus now
13:49 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @hamidreza6 omg ur cherryex?
13:49 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> name reveal
13:50 < bridge> <hamidreza6> I thought you knew :d
13:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i had no idea
13:50 < bridge> <hamidreza6> I told you once in irc quite some time ago
13:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hamidreza is the kind of name that doesn't stick in my brain sorri
13:51 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Yeah that's why I have a second one lol
13:51 < bridge> <hamidreza6> at least on github
13:51 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> consitentcy would be better :p 
13:51 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> who is the  chilled dragon to tell ppl how to name them self
13:53 < bridge> <hamidreza6> I hate my name as well that's also another reason lol
13:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ah no
13:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> that sounds so sad :( 
13:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i feel bad for saying i cant remember it now
14:06 < bridge> <jxsl13> oof name reveal
14:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> omfg also didnt know
14:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
14:18 < bridge> <hamidreza6> Some devs knew. I thought you share this info; there's no reason to announce a name change lol.
14:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> quickly post in #announcements
14:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> why isn't it possible in assembly :feelsbadman: 
14:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```
14:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> mov byte ptr [rbp - 2], byte ptr [rbp - 1]
14:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```
14:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> lgtm
14:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> idk what `ptr` means xd
14:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> in nasm it's just `byte` without `ptr`
14:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i use `gas`
14:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> Ah gnu normie
14:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> As a german i can not use `gas` for historical reasons
14:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> `ptr` sounds like its a pointer xd
14:28 < bridge> <learath2> it's not an assembly limitation, it's an architectural limitation of 8086
14:28 < bridge> <learath2> indirect to indirect is not an addressing mode it supports
14:29 < bridge> <learath2> funfact, one of the 8086 addressing modes is called the "based mode"
14:30 < bridge> <milkeeycat> is it as based as it sounds?
14:30 < bridge> <learath2> no
14:30 < bridge> <milkeeycat> üëé
14:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i have no idea wat u do milkeey
14:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> arent u using llvm and it does everything for you?
14:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> why do you need assembly
14:31 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i raw dawg everything myself
14:31 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ryo is using llvm
14:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no llvm?
14:31 < bridge> <milkeeycat> im writing my own useless shit xd
14:31 < bridge> <learath2> no you don't, generate bytecode, no balls
14:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> watafak
14:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://github.com/MilkeeyCat/meraki/blob/main/src/archs/amd64.rs here's all the assembly xd
14:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> gigaCat
14:33 < bridge> <jxsl13> gotta be fast
14:42 < bridge> <milkeeycat> are there architectures which support it?
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> Idk of any actually used ones, but there are ISAs that have it
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> Idk of any actually currently used ones, but there are ISAs that have it
14:47 < bridge> <learath2> There is `MOVS` in x86 too but it has weird unexpected behaviour
14:50 < bridge> <milkeeycat> seems to work, hell yeah
14:50 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1266739462436687926/image.png?ex=66a63e8e&is=66a4ed0e&hm=84743e77ccf7a97c6e095e0be27f9fa05120fb02035032bb3420d20e5dd2a0e8&
15:03 < bridge> <Ewan> nice
15:04 < bridge> <melo∆û> glad oy did his yearly PR's, maybe teeworlds 0.8 will release in 3 years!
15:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> roby and chiller need to put more prs in the pipeline for next time.
15:06 < bridge> <melo∆û> fr
15:07 < bridge> <melo∆û> maybe with a bit of luck we can get oy to add a new maintainer if he reads irc or joins discord
15:10 < bridge> <Tezcan> he would never do that
15:11 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> woah tezcan
15:11 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> helo
15:12 < bridge> <jxsl13> I awakened the Tez by saying ddrace is abourt racing
15:12 < bridge> <jxsl13> about
15:12 < bridge> <jxsl13> and not ddracing
15:13 < bridge> <Tezcan> Important distinction
15:13 < bridge> <Tezcan> chiller are u still against discord
15:20 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i am still against discord. Long time no seen @Tezcan u still play actively?
15:23 < bridge> <Tezcan> not really, i play race occasionally
15:23 < bridge> <Tezcan> what about you
15:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> im afk for a year due to ping
15:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> my first tw break but all in all im still a full on tw gamer and i will return to playing daily for multiple hours in janauary at least thats the plan
15:27 < bridge> <Tezcan> Why ping, are you somewhere else
15:28 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea im indonesia with only my laptop
15:28 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I think the next data center is a few islands away and i only have buggy wifi and a laptop
16:18 < bridge> <brota_61355> üôÇ
16:19 < bridge> <teero777> insane
16:19 < bridge> <teero777> gotta keep the github stats up!
16:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> shots fired
16:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> af
16:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it even hurts me
17:25 < bridge> <lambogorni> @morpheus_tyler heyyy!!
18:31 < bridge> <hekkeyne> Hi all! I have already grown very old, buried my wife, raised children, built a house and planted a tree. Any news about the mobile version of the game?
18:32 < bridge> <hekkeyne> and yes, I still don‚Äôt have a computer
18:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can you please stop asking
18:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> subscribe to #announcements
18:34 < bridge> <hekkeyne> why?
18:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> because it's very unpolite
18:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> devs clearly said there is no timeline
18:34 < bridge> <hekkeyne> there is absolutely no news in this section
18:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> #announcements always contains the most important news
18:36 < bridge> <hekkeyne> the devs talked first about the week, then about the next version. Now they just refuse. Maybe we should still make at least some kind of statement to the public so that there are no more questions?
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> nobody said " it releases next week"
18:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> find the quote
18:37 < bridge> <hekkeyne> said that *there will be news in a week*
18:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> quote please
18:37 < bridge> <hekkeyne> yeah, just a second
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The news will be in just about a week as what "a second" is for you üòâ
18:45 < bridge> <hekkeyne> I apologize, I read it wrong. But I found something. yes, this is a little different, and there were no promises, but it still turns out offensive
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i mean there is an open pr and there is a internal test version
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that is quite some progress i'd say
18:46 < bridge> <hekkeyne> my Discord decided to crash, the screenshot was not sent
18:48 < bridge> <milkeeycat> we will never stop asking 'bout accounts üò¨
18:49 < bridge> <hekkeyne> Please forgive me, I still can‚Äôt figure it out with discord. For some reason I can't send a screenshot. Now I'll tag you
18:59 < bridge> <teero777> ChillderDragon: i have another one for u: collision.h line:49 `void SetDTile(float x, float y, bool State);` is an orphan function declaration
18:59 < bridge> <teero777> go fix it xd
18:59 < bridge> <teero777> ChillerDragon: i have another one for u: collision.h line:49 `void SetDTile(float x, float y, bool State);` is an orphan function declaration
19:00 < bridge> <milkeeycat> he does not need to rush, next prs will be merged in 2025 xd
19:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://github.com/rust-windowing/raw-window-handle/blob/5fda8e8420b069368e9450e70c2869e32dcdffc1/src/lib.rs#L366-L375
19:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> this is the most cursed error i have ever heard of.
19:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i wonder if SDL handles that in any way and how generally other libs deal with it.
19:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I've never heard of this, but indeed i get exactly this error right now. Now i have to wait... wait for what? XDD
19:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i can only assume that they mean that i should wait for a WindowCreate event by the window event loop
19:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> anything else would be so random xD
20:57 < bridge> <zhn> uh i could use c instead of cpp if c could provide some cool generics out of box
20:57 < bridge> <zhn> _Generic is just useless
21:00 < bridge> <zhn> i saw people yapping about mangling but can't you like standardize them? it sounds a hard (for me at least) to make but better than to have nothing imho
21:01 < bridge> <heinrich5991> just use c++ then ^^
21:03 < bridge> <zhn> trying to mess with c17-c23 xd
21:04 < bridge> <zhn> its fun but being forced to use void* to store random data makes programs a bit slower
21:05 < bridge> <zhn> by c17-c23 i mean c11 for sure xd
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> i like that part
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> > ISO have automatically cancelled ISO/IEC 9899:2023
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> > *Seacord*: Here‚Äôs the C23 schedule. We are trying to get published before the standard is automatically canceled. Nothing most people on the committee can do about that at the moment. We keep submitting versions of the standard and the ISO editor keeps rejecting it. Hopefully we are iterating towards agreement. I heard from David Keaton what a pain it is and am now experiencing it first-hand. Mostly a pain for Meneide.
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> 
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> > ISO have automatically cancelled ISO/IEC 9899:2023
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> i like that part
21:09 < bridge> <zhn> 
21:10 < bridge> <zhn> > *Seacord*: Here‚Äôs the C23 schedule. We are trying to get published before the standard is automatically canceled. Nothing most people on the committee can do about that at the moment. We keep submitting versions of the standard and the ISO editor keeps rejecting it. Hopefully we are iterating towards agreement. I heard from David Keaton what a pain it is and am now experiencing it first-hand. Mostly a pain for Meneide.
21:10 < bridge> <zhn> 
21:10 < bridge> <zhn> > ISO have automatically cancelled ISO/IEC 9899:2023
21:13 < bridge> <zhn> i wish msvc will roll out their c23 implementation before 2069 comes
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> is it a bad idea to implement a trait for an enum when only some of variants can be used to call this method. it will never be used by a user and even if it will crash, it's a skill issue and should be fixed. here's an example:
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```rust
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> impl<'a> std::ops::Add<usize> for MoveDestination<'a> {
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>     type Output = Self;
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> 
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>     fn add(self, rhs: usize) -> Self::Output {
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>         match self {
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>             Self::Local(offset) => Self::Local(offset + rhs),
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>             _ => unreachable!(),
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>         }
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat>     }
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> }
21:33 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```
21:34 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @RUSt_andies
21:34 < bridge> <milkeeycat> whoops :justatest:
21:47 < bridge> <zhn> qq
21:47 < bridge> <heinrich5991> yes. don't implement the trait there
