00:05 < bridge> <Bota> :ping:
00:12 < bridge> <melon> <a:pinged:579410643895975939>
01:35 < bridge> <Bota> üöÇ
01:42 < bridge> <fifthcodec99> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989338609258666/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=aedb56fb38e071f8a182beaacd84c652b3abc7362be5b4f31beba052b1e7b8d7&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
01:42 < bridge> <fifthcodec99> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989338923700255/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=b212ff336bc5968336f2e937539f0d7d0cf44cf5b0b13a65f7efca7b01d59cdb&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
01:42 < bridge> <fifthcodec99> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989602661666876/image.png?ex=68546f95&is=68531e15&hm=61e0cb1e7d8cb23384900f87b2e55a8af9cfa66f93be5dfa1f95c1b3d28baa58&
01:42 < bridge> <fifthcodec99> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989339527811223/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=68d86911abfdba55a0e77d79022111fbf2cb05097d9c685cbffef647a1aea447&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=642&height=856
01:45 < bridge> <vilyvilyk> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989338609258666/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=aedb56fb38e071f8a182beaacd84c652b3abc7362be5b4f31beba052b1e7b8d7&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
01:45 < bridge> <vilyvilyk> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989338923700255/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=b212ff336bc5968336f2e937539f0d7d0cf44cf5b0b13a65f7efca7b01d59cdb&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
01:45 < bridge> <vilyvilyk> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989602661666876/image.png?ex=68546f95&is=68531e15&hm=61e0cb1e7d8cb23384900f87b2e55a8af9cfa66f93be5dfa1f95c1b3d28baa58&
01:45 < bridge> <vilyvilyk> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989339527811223/image.png?ex=68546f56&is=68531dd6&hm=68d86911abfdba55a0e77d79022111fbf2cb05097d9c685cbffef647a1aea447&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=642&height=856
02:45 < bridge> <zelamusinc> is there a command to refresh the players skin
02:45 < bridge> <zelamusinc> when you change your skin by command it takes a while to refresh the players skin
02:45 < bridge> <Ewan> not currently
02:45 < bridge> <zelamusinc> :/
02:45 < bridge> <Ewan> there's not a huge point in having that either because it'd only be for you
02:46 < bridge> <Ewan> you're just waiting for the server to send a new snapshot with that skin
02:46 < bridge> <Ewan> or maybe it's a server message
02:46 < bridge> <zelamusinc> alright thanks
02:46 < bridge> <Ewan> np
02:47 < bridge> <Ewan> it's particularly slow on some servers i know
02:47 < bridge> <Ewan> i think kog tweaks that stuff for whatever reason
03:46 < bridge> <totar> I'm pretty sure there's a config for how fast you can change it
05:33 < bridge> <teero777> sv_info_change_delay afaik
08:14 < bridge> <soulyvevo> wowowo
08:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is windows notification handling so complex you need a library for it?
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include <windows.h>
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include <shellapi.h>
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include <string>
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bool ShowNotification(const std::wstring& imagePath, const std::wstring& title, const std::wstring& message) {
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // Load the icon from the file
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     HICON hIcon = (HICON)LoadImageW(NULL, imagePath.c_str(), IMAGE_ICON, 64, 64, LR_LOADFROMFILE);
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     if (!hIcon) {
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>         MessageBoxW(NULL, L"Failed to load icon.", L"Error", MB_OK | MB_ICONERROR);
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>         return false;
08:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     }
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // Create and fill the NOTIFYICONDATA structure
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     NOTIFYICONDATA nid = {};
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.cbSize = sizeof(nid);
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.hWnd = NULL; // No window is associated
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.uID = 1;
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.uFlags = NIF_INFO | NIF_ICON | NIF_TIP;
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.dwInfoFlags = NIIF_USER;
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     nid.hIcon = hIcon;
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // Set the balloon title and text
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     wcsncpy_s(nid.szInfo, message.c_str(), sizeof(nid.szInfo) / sizeof(WCHAR) - 1);
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     wcsncpy_s(nid.szInfoTitle, title.c_str(), sizeof(nid.szInfoTitle) / sizeof(WCHAR) - 1);
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // Add the icon to the system tray
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     Shell_NotifyIcon(NIM_ADD, &nid);
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     Shell_NotifyIcon(NIM_MODIFY, &nid);
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // Keep the notification visible for a short time
08:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> chatgpt code, "works well for win32 applications"
09:10 < bridge> <louis> @sollybunny my pr only does multiples of 45 degrees
09:10 < bridge> <louis> but ye feel free to merge it, my implementation was pretty odd iirc
09:11 < bridge> <louis> it might be a bit too 'non-ddnet' for tc, but it does keep the same behavior (still makes the bind a lot easier / qol though)
09:21 < bridge> <Ewan> using a library just for toast notifications :feelsbadman:
09:34 < bridge> <learath2> We have come a long way from pre-planned memory allocation layout to library for toast notifications
09:34 < bridge> <learath2> Truly an evolution
09:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I mean if the lib is called libtoastnotifications, it probably does only that or not? xd
09:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i am aware, i dont feel any point to merge it if it cant do everything else
09:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @learath2 wdym vomit, if it works then thats fine code
09:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would rather it takes const char*
09:56 < bridge> <learath2> It's AI generated. I hate it on principle
09:57 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> your principle is misfounded
09:59 < bridge> <learath2> Perhaps, I'm an old man, I'm allowed at least one opinion not founded on anything logical
10:00 < bridge> <learath2> I firmly believe all this AI will turn its users into mindless drones that water plants with mountain dew
10:01 < bridge> <learath2> It's my "bill gates puts tracking nanochips into the vaccines" opinion
10:03 < bridge> <kebscs> It's not really a library it's just a handy wrapper around the windows functions
10:03 < bridge> <kebscs> Why would I rewrite it just to not use a library
10:03 < bridge> <kebscs> Same thing
10:11 < bridge> <pioooooo> Maybe since we only use some little part of it?
10:19 < bridge> <learath2> It's fine, bloat away. We've long moved away from pretending we care about binary sizes
10:20 < bridge> <melon> as long as it doesnt become an unmaintainable mess :peeposhrug:
10:21 < bridge> <lemon_nya> so... does anyone know how to solve this problem?
10:21 < bridge> <lemon_nya> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385535110803361852/f878ecefa9020a867e350bac4b85ff46.png?ex=68566ba0&is=68551a20&hm=04368fb8302116489d53c67dbc114afa2853101d813cf0e7b5d03b7a80f1c1d2&
10:21 < bridge> <lemon_nya> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/997859408862269502/1096415664341794897/M54IELINHUIU3GYYPSUM.gif
10:23 < bridge> <learath2> Sadly this happens in china because of the great firewall the master server can't ping the gameserver
10:24 < bridge> <learath2> If you are hosting a server on an ip that does not change we can whitelist the ip
10:25 < bridge> <lemon_nya> ye,i need to send ip here?
10:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddnet can whitelist ips in the china firewall? Nice xd
10:26 < bridge> <learath2> no, but we can exempt them from the ping check
10:27 < bridge> <lemon_nya> @sollybunny he can connect to my server via ip+port
10:27 < bridge> <learath2> here is fine, or you can DM me (it will become public when the server is on the masterlist anyway, so you can't really keep it secret)
10:27 < bridge> <lemon_nya> ok,my server ip is 36.50.226.195,port is 10240,thanksÔºÅ
10:27 < bridge> <lemon_nya> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/997859408862269502/1129775614711308439/20230715220436.gif
10:29 < bridge> <learath2> Added, try restarting your server and let me know if it registers fine
10:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Huge ass port
10:29 < bridge> <lemon_nya> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385537058172436592/image.png?ex=68566d70&is=68551bf0&hm=eb62c35588d2b80407e95be03db37819668f957c0ef891f170c8eab690b46209&
10:30 < bridge> <learath2> Enjoy
10:30 < bridge> <lemon_nya> ÔºÅ
10:38 < bridge> <totar> I think it's ok to not trust anything it writes in principle, especially stuff like this which is just interacting with some API. It often uses out dates stuff or does something in a sketchy way. If it's just straightforward code code that doesn't interact with any APIs then if it looks good it's usually good.
10:38 < bridge> <totar> I think it's ok to not trust anything it writes in principle, especially stuff like this which is just interacting with some API. It often uses out dated stuff or does something in a sketchy way. If it's just straightforward code code that doesn't interact with any APIs then if it looks good it's usually good.
10:58 < bridge> <robyt3> Assuming it works at all, this doesn't show a modern notification from this century but only a balloon tooltip on a tray icon. It also block the main thread for 5 seconds.
10:58 < bridge> <robyt3> Assuming it works at all, this doesn't show a modern notification from this century but only a balloon tooltip on a tray icon. It also blocks the main thread for 5 seconds.
11:06 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> because if mr chatgpt's function works (sadly i cant test, i do not have a windows machine), then i dont see why the rest of it is needed
11:06 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ^ fair okay
11:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its training my reviewing skills
11:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> init
11:11 < bridge> <robyt3> Half of this library looks like an XML document being constructed in memory to configure the notification
11:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i care about compile times for tests
11:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i care about compile times for ci
11:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> people use binary sizes to make tclient look bad
11:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its only 7mb more üò≠
11:11 < bridge> <totar> i'ts 7mb more????
11:12 < bridge> <totar> I thought it was like 10kb bigger
11:12 < bridge> <robyt3> That's more than 50% more than DDNet
11:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ddnet is masive
11:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> holdon
11:12 < bridge> <totar> do you mean the whole folder
11:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my sshfs is dying
11:12 < bridge> <totar> the 40mb folder?
11:12 < bridge> <robyt3> no, only the exe
11:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> grrrr
11:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385547991699558481/image.png?ex=6856779f&is=6855261f&hm=c8145c9ee6709ad9c0d844284447cc188ebadfefff9f8b90b534f15a1c12edce&
11:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `77M -rwxr-xr-x 1 solly solly 77M Jun 17 22:05 /home/solly/mnt/icovps/Code/ddnet/build/buildtater/DDNet`
11:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `69M -rwxr-xr-x 1 solly solly 69M Jun 19 10:35 /home/solly/mnt/icovps/Code/ddnet/build/DDNet`
11:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> both are with debug info btw
11:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> both release+debuginfo
11:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> both are release+debuginfo
11:14 < bridge> <robyt3> Then they are rather small, debug info binaries on Windows are 100 MiB
11:15 < bridge> <totar> idk where the size difference comes from
11:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> debug info makes the different multiplicative
11:15 < bridge> <robyt3> Release is 12 MiB, so if Tater would have added more than 50% to that it would be surprising
11:15 < bridge> <totar> wait it is bigger
11:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if release is 12 and debg is 69 then the ratio is 5.75
11:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so 77 for tater should be 13.39
11:15 < bridge> <totar> this is recent
11:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> when did you last compare the size
11:16 < bridge> <totar> it got 2MB bigger between 10.2.0 and 10.3.0
11:16 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385548963150561350/image.png?ex=68567887&is=68552707&hm=eafe2a3f92ff701193071e21f5643fa8515df63413416eba1c72f9638237c2ae&
11:16 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385548969462988912/image.png?ex=68567888&is=68552708&hm=a66972dee09f19a911640b7b21c8eba936317e82e94b173c0543717bead640a0&
11:17 < bridge> <totar> how
11:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> there is 1 extra external
11:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> for expression parsing
11:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the cpp file is less than 700 sloc
11:17 < bridge> <totar> yeah that shouldn't really matter
11:18 < bridge> <totar> this is like, 100k+ loc
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> hmm
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
11:18 < bridge> <robyt3> deen's DDNet build is also only 6 MiB, no idea what's the difference to my regular release build
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> clang got better at the size to speed tradof?
11:18 < bridge> <totar> is upstream also 6mb now? is that the new normal?
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its x size on my machiiine
11:19 < bridge> <totar> lemme try hold on
11:19 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, the official builds are around 6 MiB
11:19 < bridge> <totar> what happened that made it 25% bigger?
11:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> symbols?
11:20 < bridge> <totar> no that's release
11:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my steam ddnet is 13M
11:21 < bridge> <totar> linux has more static linked libraries so it's bigger anyway
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why not have them sepeartley?
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> like SDL2
11:21 < bridge> <totar> what
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> config_directory.sh  demo_extract_chat    map_convert_07
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> config_retrieve      dilate               map_diff
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> config_store         discord_game_sdk.so  map_extract
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> data                 libSDL2-2.0.so.0     storage.cfg
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> DDNet                libsteam_api.so
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> DDNet-Server         license.txt
11:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
11:21 < bridge> <totar> I just built upstream and it's still only 4.3Mb
11:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> o
11:22 < bridge> <robyt3> What configuration?
11:22 < bridge> <totar> "Release" MSVC
11:22 < bridge> <robyt3> Without FFmpeg?
11:22 < bridge> <totar> idk
11:22 < bridge> <totar> let me see
11:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (why is ffmpeg big)
11:22 < bridge> <robyt3> If you did the default then yes
11:26 < bridge> <totar> yeah it has the demo recorder
11:26 < bridge> <totar> I'm sure
11:26 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385551447646539816/image.png?ex=68567ad7&is=68552957&hm=c90054c3b7d4929dbf53ca364c16db5fef039b77dbffc9c67097489d7eaf222c&
11:26 < bridge> <totar> it says tclient but it's upstream
11:27 < bridge> <totar> minsizerel is 3.9mb
11:27 < bridge> <totar> but this is the same size it's been for as long as I've known what the size is
11:28 < bridge> <totar> idk where the 6-7Mb numbers are coming from
11:28 < bridge> <robyt3> I look at the win64 releases on https://ddnet.org/downloads/
11:30 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> does the client not know if the current team is practice?
11:30 < bridge> <Assa> yeah I give up on improving on this üôà I get weird artifacts, while I am just playing with text container indices
11:30 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385552432729423932/screenshot_2025-06-20_11-28-44.png?ex=68567bc2&is=68552a42&hm=d9523daccac3dc2a3ae703652decb2a4fcf319fafe3c585c774cc7824825c5a7&
11:31 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably not
11:32 < bridge> <totar> idk I guess the ddnet released binaries are always bigger than what I get from msvc
11:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> darn
11:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://asterinas.github.io/book/#the-asterinas-book
11:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://asterinas.github.io/
11:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/1022920/ad60263cd13c8a13/
11:39 < bridge> <Assa> ```
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>     bool DoRenderGroup = true;
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>     for(auto &&pRenderLayer : m_vRenderLayers)
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>     {
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>         if(pRenderLayer->IsGroup())
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>             DoRenderGroup = pRenderLayer->DoRender(Params);
11:39 < bridge> <Assa> 
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>         if(!DoRenderGroup)
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>             continue;
11:39 < bridge> <Assa> 
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>         pRenderLayer->Render(Params);
11:39 < bridge> <Assa>     }
11:39 < bridge> <Assa> ```
11:39 < bridge> <Assa> :brownbear:
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> What happened to the server between 16.0.3 and 16.6?
11:51 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385557626192007178/sizes.png?ex=68568098&is=68552f18&hm=3f1ad66667ead09ea34aed80f3db9d9c7ff37e23f98bfa13701bbfebb011454e&
11:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Can u run same tool for linux build?
11:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then we can see if the pattern are similar
11:59 < bridge> <robyt3> I first need to download all releases though :justatest:
12:00 < bridge> <Assa> that's just wget over a list of versions right? :justatest:
12:00 < bridge> <robyt3> I already had a lot of them stored for Windows for faster bisect
12:03 < bridge> <pathos3005> Also, we need a moderator, it seems, like we've been facing abuse over some days, just killed a server of 8 people or so I think
12:03 < bridge> <pathos3005> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1285054495843291148/image.png?ex=68560f42&is=6854bdc2&hm=f523755895f004dc03624eb46f3320366d4d5632028e0718b2aa829007bfe64b&
12:03 < bridge> <kaffeine0> There is a way to display a menu, infclass mod does it. Don't try this at home, the code is dangerous for your eyes and feeling.
12:03 < bridge> <kaffeine0> It abuses the map animations: the server bake two dozen animations, and then adjust the current game tick for the client to make it displaying different quads in different states.
12:03 < bridge> <kaffeine0> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1142121228505722920/infc_headquarter_2023-08-18_18-40-07.mp4?ex=68562a08&is=6854d888&hm=51144eaba8452fc6ea61da36811362bdb793319e460cbd25cb9739653976e413&
12:03 < bridge> <patiga> Hey, I started a small discussion on the new speed tile. It would be great if the new tile is not also locked into weird bugs, please have a look https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9670
12:04 < bridge> <melon> finally! DAP is available in zed :owo:
12:04 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385560815872114809/image.png?ex=68568390&is=68553210&hm=fa420b5f05ce2284522b52982793244c94492cc482a8d541dffae07184f8c3b8&
12:24 < bridge> <Assa> btw, do we not do anything against the obvious cheated times on maps like "tutorial"?
13:10 < bridge> <Assa> is a vector of smart pointers an m_vVector or an m_vpPointer? Technically these are objects ü§î
13:10 < bridge> <Assa> is a vector of smart pointers a m_vVector or a m_vpPointer? Technically these are objects ü§î
13:10 < bridge> <Assa> is a vector of smart pointers a m_vVector or a m_vpVector? Technically these are objects ü§î
13:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The later
13:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> pointers get p
13:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385578883964731464/image.png?ex=68569464&is=685542e4&hm=3a404706ea564c9e030b4bf32c961a57916da2ad4aa1a826ddadb89b1cfa3706&
13:55 < bridge> <kebscs> CHARACTERFLAG_PRACTICE_MODE
14:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tank u
14:20 < bridge> <learath2> I'm sure someone added something very important
14:21 < bridge> <learath2> Then we removed it
14:40 < bridge> <milkeeycat> accounts? :santatrollet:
14:45 < bridge> <kebscs> is there a ddnet logo in the game files?
14:45 < bridge> <kebscs> the small one with single tee, no text
14:54 < bridge> <0xfaulty> Could maybe someone review #10380 and include to release? It's just one line fix in simple logic
14:54 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10380
14:55 < bridge> <0xfaulty> If further clarification is needed I would be happy to answer
15:01 < bridge> <kebscs> lgtm, video would be nice i guess so maintainers know this really fixes it so would be a faster merge
15:02 < bridge> <kebscs> or does anyone have the png so i can add it
15:02 < bridge> <robyt3> They also wrote a blog post on fuzzing the Teeworlds network: https://logicaltrust.net/blog/2020/07/socketfuzzer.html
15:02 < bridge> <robyt3> Fuzzing the map format isn't really worth it unless for learning, you should easily find crashes everywhere because the format is mostly unchecked at the moment
15:11 < bridge> <learath2> @0xfaulty let me read around the relative code a little and get back to you
15:12 < bridge> <0xfaulty> sure, also I asked my friend to attach video to show how it looks like
15:16 < bridge> <robyt3> `other/icons/DDNet_256x256x32.png`?
15:17 < bridge> <0xfaulty> video added
15:22 < bridge> <kebscs> ah yea
15:22 < bridge> <kebscs> i guess ill copy it over to data/
15:23 < bridge> <robyt3> Can wintoast use the icon embedded in the binary or it the icon not embedded in highest resolution?
15:24 < bridge> <kebscs> 48x48 is fine, but it cant use .ico
15:28 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @pathos3005 classic sp someone
15:33 < bridge> <zhn> what happened
15:34 < bridge> <kebscs> nvm the higher resolution looks better
15:42 < bridge> <saha1_9_51576> –î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–î–ù–ï–¢ –•–£2–ô–ï–¢–°–ê
16:02 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder if we would improve this with a simply heuristic, like check just for the x difference first instead of the distance, p.x - other.x > threshhold -> continue
16:04 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder if we would improve this with a simple heuristic, like check just for the x difference first instead of the distance, p.x - other.x > threshhold -> continue
16:13 < bridge> <learath2> linkedin moment
16:13 < bridge> <learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385623529537667283/1742578234705.png?ex=6856bdf9&is=68556c79&hm=bb9caf8e1ea960996cd725bc9e0e2c071190e3714374c54777e37c74590e56ef&
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no ):<
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> chatgpt made me a better programmer
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://tenor.com/view/chuckles-im-in-danger-ralph-wiggum-the-simpsons-gif-14149962
16:18 < bridge> <robyt3> The integration tests with valgrind are failing but it went unnoticed because the script doesn't exit with an error exit code :justatest:
16:19 < bridge> <learath2> I think I even pointed this out once but never fixed it üòÑ
16:20 < bridge> <robyt3> Can you merge #10385 ? That should hopefully fix the undefined behavior again.
16:20 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10385
16:21 < bridge> <robyt3> All of the valgrind errors look related to NETADDR
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> > `seed ^= std::hash<std::string_view>{}(std::string_view(reinterpret_cast<const char *>(Addr.ip), sizeof(Addr.ip))) + 0x9e3779b9 + (seed << 6) + (seed >> 2);`
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> 
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> totally human readable üôÇ
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> is `0x9e3779b9 ` just a random offset for the seed?
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> is `0x9e3779b9` just a random offset for the seed?
16:27 < bridge> <robyt3> Because C++ committee doesn't add a standard hash combiner, everyone copies stackoverflow who recommend copying boost
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> on the topic of seed
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> is anyone working on the seeded teleport
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> or were just yapping about this few days ago
16:28 < bridge> <Assa> oh you volunteered? how nice of you! üòÑ
16:28 < bridge> <kebscs> no :)
16:55 < bridge> <zhn> @chillerdragon is there any reason why chillerbot-ux considered legit if it has afk freeze avoid
17:51 < bridge> <chairn> you don't need to download to get the size i think
18:21 < bridge> <louis> wasnt the discussion also abt a lot more qol for teleport
18:22 < bridge> <louis> not just seeded but consistent orderings or smth
18:22 < bridge> <louis> it'd be nice if they were seeded and smartly chosen based on other character proximity
18:23 < bridge> <steinchen99> (ingame bug, sorry)
18:23 < bridge> <steinchen99> just wanna raise awareness to this if anyone can figure it out..:owo: 
18:23 < bridge> <steinchen99> * https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/757720336274948198/1385388317805383832
18:24 < bridge> <louis> ye i saw that but cant figure out how it would ever happen
18:24 < bridge> <louis> add it to the physics test suite
18:25 < bridge> <louis> gotta ensure the behavior is consistent for every future update or it will be unfair to teero
18:27 < bridge> <louis> gotta ensure the behavior is consistent for every future update or it will be unfair to teemo
18:27 < bridge> <steinchen99> What's that üòÖ
18:28 < bridge> <louis> there is no physics test suite but if it existed
18:29 < bridge> <steinchen99> Could the inputs be copied with the help of demo? // teehistorian?
18:30 < bridge> <teero777> teehistorian yes, demo no
18:31 < bridge> <Ewan> there‚Äôs a funny map called coverage tho
18:51 < bridge> <louis> isnt demo technically possible even tho its only half of ticks
18:51 < bridge> <louis> just find the two tick inputs that leave u w the next snap
18:53 < bridge> <louis> in most cases at least
19:03 < bridge> <patiga> afaik they are already seeded
19:18 < bridge> <louis> oh ok
19:18 < bridge> <louis> but there's no way to send it to the client or embed it in the map rn right
19:23 < bridge> <patiga> I think its not sent to the client, but it would be possible. I don't see a reason for maps to seed the randomness
19:25 < bridge> <louis> maybe in case some mapper wants to have more control over the seed or smth
19:26 < bridge> <louis> probably not needed at all but how else would the seed be chosen deterministically per map
19:27 < bridge> <patiga> I don't think it *should* be chosen deterministically
19:30 < bridge> <gorp_tw> J$ON has joined the chat
19:30 < bridge> <Ewan> hey jason
19:30 < bridge> <Ewan> why is my name animated
19:30 < bridge> <Ewan> so fucking stupid
19:31 < bridge> <patiga> Zwelf probably knows best about how randomness is used in physics, if you have specific questions.
19:31 < bridge> <patiga> Rng is used in the server for multiple things, not just teleporters (not 100% certain, there might be multiple rng sources for different things). Also, tees from different teams also use the same source of randomness. Due to these factors, the mapper can't do anything significant by seeding the randomness
19:31 < bridge> <Ewan> discord make a decent product and leave it alone challenge: impossible
19:31 < bridge> <murpi> Fixed
19:31 < bridge> <louis> it feels weird to have different tp seed for the same map + same team at different times though
19:31 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i recently switched to xmpp and mumble for talking to literally anyone I care about
19:32 < bridge> <gorp_tw> that means i dont care about you! ü´µ
19:32 < bridge> <Ewan> rip
19:32 < bridge> <Ewan> :brownbear:
19:33 < bridge> <Ewan> right as i was preparing a pull request
19:33 < bridge> <gorp_tw> LMFAO
19:33 < bridge> <gorp_tw> I was seriously confused why he randomly said fixed
19:33 < bridge> <gorp_tw> and immediately unconfused
19:34 < bridge> <gorp_tw> anyway I think the only reason u want control over randomness is for the icp thing json wants which also is a terrible name for it
19:34 < bridge> <gorp_tw> it is not a checkpoint
19:35 < bridge> <louis> i think deterministic seed per map makes kinda sense
19:35 < bridge> <gorp_tw> for what? speedrunning a map where the expectation is to tele most parts
19:35 < bridge> <gorp_tw> like rly hard parts
19:35 < bridge> <louis> consistency
19:36 < bridge> <gorp_tw> would you expect the tp seed to only update per tp?
19:36 < bridge> <louis> i guess non deterministic makes it harder to tas lmao
19:36 < bridge> <gorp_tw> in some team
19:36 < bridge> <louis> oh i guess wait
19:37 < bridge> <louis> i forgor how seeding works
19:37 < bridge> <gorp_tw> :D congrats on Dev role BTW @mpft
19:38 < bridge> <louis> well im sure theres a way to make the seed kinda not update
19:38 < bridge> <louis> w/e
19:38 < bridge> <louis> ideal teles shouldnt be random anyways
19:40 < bridge> <Ewan> thanks
19:40 < bridge> <Ewan> i've worked long and hard to get this role back
19:40 < bridge> <vahemaaa> congrats ewan
19:41 < bridge> <murpi> Do we have a list of all translators somewhere?
19:42 < bridge> <kebscs> only in the translation files
19:42 < bridge> <Ewan> unrelated sorry but when was developer-vc born üòÖ
19:43 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i can't remember if this is as json requested, but my ideal implementation would be a tele behavior tile that can be ignored by common entities files (like the background of weapons tiles) and it just has a number associated with it. the lower the number the higher the priority, so if you have a tele priority 1 and two tpto right next to each other, when the map picks a tp destination it chooses the first one available, from left to right first, th
19:44 < bridge> <gorp_tw> whether or not it "forces" this behavior regardless of tpto occupation and collisions is up for discussion still
19:45 < bridge> <kebscs> but the problem we try to solve is predicting teleports
19:45 < bridge> <gorp_tw> you would put it in a column above a drag part and set it to priority 2, and put it in a row in the freeze for the drag part with priority 1, assuming the part is mapped from left to right. there may be other usecases but not sure any have been mentioned really
19:45 < bridge> <kebscs> youre just overcomplicating
19:46 < bridge> <gorp_tw> this is exactly what it solves. what do you mean?
19:47 < bridge> <gorp_tw> it's position-based prediction
19:47 < bridge> <gorp_tw> the player and the client will both know with 100% certainty where it will spawn
19:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which afk freeze avoid?
19:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You mean the camp hack? That tries to stay at the current area walking left and right if you leave a 6 tile area? Thats not an unfair advantage in any scenario as far as I know
19:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But of course it‚Äôs automated input so it‚Äôs bannable on ddnet
19:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But there is nothing related to freeze. Where did you get that info from @gerdoe ?
19:57 < bridge> <Ewan> surely this isn't my fault
19:57 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385679979433431223/image.png?ex=6856f28b&is=6855a10b&hm=fd936510357c57203bd9c1323c20c961e36cc992a920961cab1964ce758112b3&
19:57 < bridge> <Ewan> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/actions/runs/15784574499/job/44498041240?pr=10392>
19:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Remove Ewan‚Äôs dev role! His fault!
20:00 < bridge> <Ewan> rip
20:01 < bridge> <filoqcus> https://tenor.com/view/pipotam-baby-hippo-hippo-wash-shower-gif-3406421565683572068
20:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> \#developer be like when Heinrich is afk
20:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Where is fokkos meme about memes?
20:08 < bridge> <Ewan> im not sure...
20:10 < bridge> <dvdak> —Å–∞—Å–∞—Ç—å –º–Ω–µ
20:10 < bridge> <Ewan> #off-topic rus
20:11 < bridge> <Ewan> developers. what would you think about breaking this 3700 line CMakeLists.txt file up into a subdirectory structure
20:11 < bridge> <Ewan> so we can have more executive logic for target/library/test defs in the main cmakelists, and then every other subcomponent will live in its own CMakeLists.txt
20:15 < bridge> <melon> ?
20:15 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385684392374046792/image.png?ex=6856f6a7&is=6855a527&hm=1bab171eede3341e55b6091638486a514efe31389fc80b73e97232527ec53c7f&
20:15 < bridge> <Ewan> it's sad
20:15 < bridge> <Ewan> i think hein confused our distaste for his anal moderation style with distaste for his presence
20:17 < bridge> <melon> `anal moderation style` sounds disgusting
20:17 < bridge> <Ewan> i need to stop using natural english expressions :feelsbadman:
20:18 < bridge> <Ewan> pedantic english only
20:18 < bridge> <melon> are there more ups other than maintainability?
20:18 < bridge> <Ewan> not really
20:18 < bridge> <Ewan> it'd just change things
20:19 < bridge> <Ewan> which doesn't sound like a big deal, but kind of is for contributor expectations
20:19 < bridge> <Ewan> it'd definitely make it easier to make sense of though, at least in my opinion
20:31 < bridge> <melon> splitting it into server/client/tests sounds good if we talk readability/maintainability i think - might want to ask maintainers
20:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> NOOO YOU CAN REMOVE MOST OF IT WITH MY CMAKE PR
20:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> WHY ITS REJECTED I DO NOT AGREE WITH
20:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> WITHOUT THE FILE SPAM ITAKES SENSERRRRE
20:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cmakefiles crashout
20:43 < bridge> <Ewan> i havent seen your pr
20:50 < bridge> <louis> Yall think local 2p (main+dummy) with two controllers and multi view type camera would be playable?
20:54 < bridge> <Ewan> i would say no but i'm constantly surprised by just how in tune ppl can get with this game
20:55 < bridge> <Ewan> thing is how do u see enough of the map if you only have 1/2 of the screen
20:55 < bridge> <Ewan> it'd have to split screen if the players get too far away
20:56 < bridge> <Ewan> otherwise if you get far apart your character's gonna be really tiny (usually accentuated by the way you have to sit if you have 2 people looking at the screen)
20:56 < bridge> <Ewan> and you'll have to somehow move them closer together while they are that tiny
21:17 < bridge> <patiga> would be lots of fun I think :)
21:26 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe a dumb question but we have LTO on for release builds, right?
21:33 < bridge> <louis> true tele parts would be rly annoying
21:34 < bridge> <louis> i think just bind + or - to camera controls or smth
21:34 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i want another option for cl_showhud_score
21:34 < bridge> <louis> i think it'd be pretty cool on chill modes or easy maps tbh
21:34 < bridge> <louis> too bad splitscreen is not easy
21:34 < bridge> <louis> ddnet-rs idea ( @jupeyy_keks )
21:36 < bridge> <gorp_tw> where u can show only 1 time
21:39 < bridge> <patiga> I wish OS's would have native support for making any two applications run splitscreen with split input
22:08 < bridge> <zhn> yeah, would you consider remove it or just let us ban anyone who's using it?
22:08 < bridge> <zhn> no freeze, my mistake. just automated in put to be on the same x pos
22:08 < bridge> <zhn> input*
22:09 < bridge> <zhn> another pr that wants to let cmake recursive file()?
22:10 < bridge> <zhn> 4p would for sure xd
22:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @zhn how is that any relevant advantage?
22:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> did you see anyone using it?
22:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> for what?
22:28 < bridge> <zhn> any automated inputs are disallowed huh
22:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes
22:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> one of the many stupid rules xd
22:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @zhn so you dont have any actual problem other than insisting on the rules?
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> then of course feel free to ban players with that client
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if you have a real problem and i can actually fix it let me know
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> sadly i can not rewrite the rules
22:36 < bridge> <zhn> im getting the same talk over and over this year, because people want to make game even easier to play. so exceptions in rules even like chillerbot ux is used for an excuses to add any other automated input because hey chillerdragon is allowed to this, why im not and so on
22:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> fair
22:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> then say its illegal
22:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i would also be open to appending the input msg with extra flags when the input is automated. Would you be interested in that?
22:39 < bridge> <zhn> does it make any sense?
22:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the antibot could drop all automated input
22:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> basically deactivating the camp feature on ddnet servers
22:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and giving other server owners the option to do so too
22:43 < bridge> <filoqcus> https://tenor.com/view/pipotam-baby-hippo-hippo-wash-shower-gif-3406421565683572068
22:43 < bridge> <zhn> but that means we need to add another packet just to let chillerbot ux have camp hack? i don't think voldemort or any other guy will consider using this packet bit even xd
22:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no
22:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no new packet
22:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> append at the end of existsint input
22:44 < bridge> <zhn> but my statement persists, would anyone besides you even use it
22:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> that can help you argue saying chillerbot-ux identifies it self and can be blocked
22:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its not about others using it
22:46 < bridge> <zhn> can't you just check if server belongs to ddnet community instead of tweaking upstream
22:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no upstream will be touched
22:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> this happens purely in chillerbot-ux
22:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and optionally in ddnet antibot
22:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but ideally its only theoritcal
22:46 < bridge> <zhn> that what upstream means xd
22:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so it can actually be used
22:46 < bridge> <zhn> ddnet infra
22:47 < bridge> <patiga> ddnet servers don't allow automated input. I'd expect most other modes to have similar rules/stances (KoG, fng, ictf, e.g.)
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its only theoretically there
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> for the sake of argument
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and only practically in chillerbot-ux
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes @patiga 
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i know
22:47 < bridge> <patiga> maybe you could instead have a whitelist of mods on the client-side, that allows that
22:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no
22:47 < bridge> <patiga> why not?
22:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i think the rule is bad
22:48 < bridge> <zhn> problem is real tho, chillerbot ux is bannable but considered legit. people use it as an excuse to use their own automated inputs features
22:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and the feature is good for ddnet
22:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i used it on ddnet already
22:48 < bridge> <patiga> you are breaking rules though. automating a/d inputs seems extreme to me
22:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i am breaking the rules yes
22:48 < bridge> <zhn> chillerbreaker
22:49 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so you dont want it?
22:49 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i would do it 
22:49 < bridge> <patiga> this is one of the things where I'd expect people to find ways to abuse the new input option to make certain parts easier. also, this makes it harder in general to detect automated input, if there is 'okay' automated input
22:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its not harder to detect if it identifies it self
22:50 < bridge> <patiga> if I see any kind of automated input from another player, I assume they are cheating.
22:50 < bridge> <patiga> allowing automated input would make that line much more blurry
22:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> in the unlikely case of someone abusing it it can just be disabled
22:51 < bridge> <zhn> so the guy in question added the same camp hack with freeze avoid. should that be also considered legit
22:51 < bridge> <patiga> in your use case of ddnet automated input, you seem to expect the admins to differentiate between "okay" automated input and "bad" automated input, as the flag can ofc also be used by bad actors
22:52 < bridge> <zhn> we can make it even better and teach him to block any guy who's trying to take us out of our default position, would that be also considered legit?
22:52 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @patiga yes
22:52 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> freeze avoid seems op
22:52 < bridge> <patiga> @gerdoe you too quick, second time already you wrote exactly what I wanted to write :p
22:53 < bridge> <zhn> because it is exactly the way people want it
22:53 < bridge> <zhn> it happened with dummies, now it hapoens with everything
22:53 < bridge> <zhn> the same talk over and over, im loosing it
22:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> dummies is different isnt it
22:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you cant ban old ddnet clients
22:54 < bridge> <patiga> with this "yes", we go back to:
22:54 < bridge> <patiga> > this is one of the things where I'd expect people to find ways to abuse the new input option to make certain parts easier. also, this makes it harder in general to detect automated input, if there is 'okay' automated input
22:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but you can ban old chillerbot-ux clients
22:54 < bridge> <zhn> but you will not come up with new one, will you
22:54 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> once its a problem ofc isntantly
22:55 < bridge> <zhn> okey so there's no problem then
22:55 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i am not sure if you are being sarcasting or satisfied
22:56 < bridge> <zhn> second
22:56 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> oh thats nice and oddly surprising
22:57 < bridge> <zhn> because allthehaxx has no maintainer around and 1.0.0 is considered banned too
22:57 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ye that annoys me too
23:18 < bridge> <Ewan> anyone with perms wanna take me up on this? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10392#issuecomment-2992873360
23:18 < bridge> <vahemaaa> no no chillerbot-ux is good no hax
23:18 < bridge> <Ewan> anyone with perms wanna take me up on this? <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10392#issuecomment-2992873360>
23:19 < bridge> <vahemaaa> what a player even can do something insane with campbot
23:19 < bridge> <vahemaaa> and it is not that hard to kill someone who using campbot
23:20 < bridge> <robyt3> Can you squash the commits? That way you rerun the CI and it's also cleaner for formatting changes.
23:21 < bridge> <robyt3> We might have to bump some timeout value in the integration test with valgrind independently
23:23 < bridge> <melon> Ewan you seem proficient in cmake, do you know if detecting the correct rust compiler is possible within cmake itself? (gnu or msvc)
23:23 < bridge> <melon> or a way to atleast display a proper error message instead of just `cannot find debug/libddnet_engine_shared.a: No such file or directory`
23:26 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1385732570301595688/chillerbot.mp4?ex=68572386&is=6855d206&hm=07194983851ce2b1dff80cd8e21089108d5292fad621dccf269a1ebfd53b3f75&
23:27 < bridge> <vahemaaa> and it is used in mods like FDDRace etc, to not get afkmoved from a farm tile
23:27 < bridge> <vahemaaa> i bet most of chillerbot users doesnt even know campbot
23:27 < bridge> <zhn> ddnet community servers discourage use of any kind of automated inputs
23:28 < bridge> <zhn> since chillerdragon agreed on removing it for ddnet at least you will be able use ot any other server but not ddnet ones
23:28 < bridge> <zhn> it*
23:28 < bridge> <zhn> on**
23:28 < bridge> <zhn> xd
23:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @vahemaaa well first of all there are no chillerbot-ux users xd but ye nobody knows the features xd
23:30 < bridge> <vahemaaa> :feelsbadman:
23:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the only known features are the ones tater and cactus yoinked xd
23:31 < bridge> <vahemaaa> some guy was using Tater client on multeasy, and he askedme "whats ur tater client settings" i told him "i use ddnet and chillerbotux", then he said "what is ddnet client"
23:31 < bridge> <melon> Chiller talking with chiller about chillers features in chillerbot and his hidden features in chillerbot-ux
23:32 < bridge> <melon> :justatest:
23:35 < bridge> <filoqcus> :nouis:
23:38 < bridge> <zhn> @robyt3 im sorry for ping, but: animepdf found out that there are at least 2*151*online_players_amount mallocs happening every tick on server side. ive tried to prealloc all of it and got literally no improvement xd, like percent or something via perf, but since it was preallocated for MAX_CLIENTS now server eats up like 1.4gb of ram from the start since its MAX_CLIENTS*151*(60+CSnapshot::MAX_SIZE). what do you think about it at all? while profiling yo
23:41 < bridge> <robyt3> I doubt there are that many malloc every tick. `malloc` is literally only used 5 times on the server-side at all.
23:44 < bridge> <zhn> and 3 of them are in snapshot.cpp
23:45 < bridge> <zhn> online_players_amount*2 per tick*
23:45 < bridge> <robyt3> Try valgrind+massif or gperftools for profiling
23:45 < bridge> <zhn> online_players_amount*2 per tick\*
