00:06 < bridge> <kollpotato> i was fixing typos and wording on the wiki for 40 minutes and i lost all progress
00:07 < bridge> <kollpotato> maybe i should have figured out how to use the wiki in the first place
00:13 < bridge> <kollpotato> i guess i shouldnt have ignored that
00:13 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1406762843096879154/image.png?ex=68a3a57e&is=68a253fe&hm=a3e9ff27a3bc16c26ff4e215d44ca49f2a8b7db8e18c2e344263d7bc47fe2990&
00:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: CPlayer::m\_OScore looks goofed
00:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Maybe m\_oScore is more consistent with p
00:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Will take some time to get used to
00:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But it makes sense. Because you have to check it like a pointer
00:17 < bridge> <Ewan> pascal casing with multiple capitals/even acronyms has always been inconsistent IMO
00:17 < bridge> <Ewan> lots of APIs like Qt will opt for ApiNameEvenThoughApiIsAnAcronymAndCouldBeCapitalized
00:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt speak Java
00:18 < bridge> <Ewan> having capitals back to back doesn't seem like a nono but i can't remember if ddnet expects camel case or pascal case after the underscore
00:18 < bridge> <Ewan> i guess that'd decide
00:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Let‚Äôs just go with C++ Symbol mangling stuff as naming convention
00:19 < chillerbot> Elo @chairn I just wanted to remind you that: test
00:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ez reminded
00:54 < bridge> <Obliterator¬≤> Lmao at least they knew their sentence is `dickish`
00:57 < bridge> <Ewan> "why do ppl hate systemd again"
01:00 < bridge> <Obliterator¬≤> openRC masterrace!
01:00 < bridge> <Obliterator¬≤> 
01:00 < bridge> <Obliterator¬≤> (I suffered setting up alsa and pipewire yesterday)
01:00 < bridge> <Obliterator¬≤> I'm so used to just.. `sudo systemctl enable pipewire`
06:19 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> https://tenor.com/view/kermit-the-frog-muppets-meme-smh-shaking-my-head-gif-16984538577250620315
06:19 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1406854917154668565/Screenshot_20250818-061108.png?ex=68a3fb3e&is=68a2a9be&hm=6b9d61b3b08e1c0cd6228638c02a7a0e7c5104972b68fd6eac9f8c0868a01d07&
06:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> morning
07:06 < bridge> <Assa> probably with `HungarianNotation.UserDefinedType.*¬∂`but I just checked fasr
07:07 < bridge> <Assa> morning ^^
08:02 < bridge> <Ewan> systemd simps in chat is surprising lol
08:03 < bridge> <Ewan> I enjoy it for it's functionality but i don't think I support it in concept
08:40 < chillerbot> yo @learath2 keep in mind to: in one week when some pink rat finds the flaw with it
08:42 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon according to my research:
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> ```
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   # Member variables of type std::optional<T>
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.MemberPrefix
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: m_o
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   # Parameters of type std::optional<T>
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.ParameterPrefix
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: o
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   # Local variables of type std::optional<T>
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.LocalVariablePrefix
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: o
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> ```
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> Totally trivial :justatest:
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon according to my research:
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> clang-tidy settings:
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> ```
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   # Member variables of type std::optional<T>
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.MemberPrefix
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: m_o
08:43 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   # Parameters of type std::optional<T>
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:43 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.ParameterPrefix
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>     value: o
08:44 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>   # Local variables of type std::optional<T>
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.TypeNamePattern
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>     value: '^std::optional.*'
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>   - key: readability-identifier-naming.LocalVariablePrefix
08:44 < bridge> <Assa>     value: o
08:44 < bridge> <Assa> ```
08:44 < bridge> <Assa> 
08:44 < bridge> <Assa> Totally trivial :justatest:
08:44 < bridge> <pioooooo> Now combine with arrays
08:48 < bridge> <Assa> smart Pioo, that's actually the same code just copy pasta'd with array and a instead of optional and o
08:48 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder what has priority over the other
08:49 < bridge> <Assa> `m_vpaoFOptCallbackArrayVectorPointer;` :justatest:
08:50 < bridge> <Assa> maybe enforce a typedef with too many prefixes xD
08:59 < bridge> <pioooooo> Automated naming check seems impossible for me ((
09:00 < bridge> <Assa> are you also testing? you need to remove the ignore rule for `m_a` in this case
09:01 < bridge> <pioooooo> I'm not
09:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> I don't care much about naming
09:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> I do want #10588 tho
09:02 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10588
09:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> Funny that headers are not checked
09:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ikr
09:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Pls don‚Äôt abuse it .\_.
09:04 < bridge> <Assa> we're trying :justatest:
09:04 < bridge> <Ewan> system.h rce time
09:05 < bridge> <Assa> imagine if I put a RCE in map rendering. Time to release more maps on ddnet üôÇ
09:08 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> :kek:  I'm enjoying openRC very much, doesn't get in the way, and thanks to Gentoo wiki everything is documented with both options
09:09 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> I should stop simping for Gentoo tho, i go crashout if I have another llvm compilation
09:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> epyc
09:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> how did u suffer
09:26 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Wire plumber was a bully
09:26 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Didn't work with Firefox
09:26 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Because it tried using alsa directly
09:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> u need pipewire-pulse or smth
09:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk
09:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> i forot
09:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> so pulseaudio apps work
09:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @ryozuki could i get you to browse github for 20 seconds pls UwU https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10699#issuecomment-3194449634
09:52 < bridge> <Ewan> i think it's out of principle at this point
10:02 < bridge> <learath2> You shouldn‚Äôt anymore. Just make sure the pulseaudio use flag is still set globally
10:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 looked into touch controls pr a bit for you. Now you go look into https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10699
10:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its basically free merge with 40 seconds effort for you. You already approved the previous pr that was blocked on conflicts. I fixed the conflicts. The only thing that has to be reviewed are my 2 commits on top with tiny fixes.
11:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how is clangd so bad?
11:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it says include not used. if i remove include build fails because missing #define from that include????
11:14 < bridge> <pioooooo> Not used or not directly used
11:33 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> It works with wire plumber and a change in firefox's about:config
11:33 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> 
11:33 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Still weird, I had to manually set the sink even tho my audio interface  was the only possible I/o :justatest:
11:33 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Prolly the latter and clang just doesn't account for define blocks
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>**  Pull requests 69
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** now that is sexy
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** next goal: 666 issues
11:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** "is not used directly" @pioooooo 
11:41 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Need global_defines.h file fr
11:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but it still would complain when you include it?
11:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** only fix i see is to merge all headers so it cant complain its unused xd
11:42 < bridge> <robyt3> Is it only used indirectly by a transitive include?
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wats transitive include
11:43 < bridge> <robyt3> If a includes b which includes c
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the included file does ``#define FOO 2`` and the .c file including it uses ``FOO`` so removing the include fails the build
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** o
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
11:43 < bridge> <robyt3> If you'd only need c then you shouldn't include b for example
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rossbit
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u the goat
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i changed the include to be non trans
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it works
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** clangd is not very lgbtq+ friendly it seems
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok fair complaint of clangd ngl
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** epic win
11:45 < bridge> <Ewan> :justatest:
11:45 < bridge> <Assa> we are building binaries ig :justatest:
11:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lol
12:27 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> maintainer btw
12:27 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> <a:catcry:853242701745750097>
12:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
12:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think we need a strategy for feature creep!
12:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i would love to move tons of stuff out of the ddnet core code base into plugins maintained in a seperate repo or by the community or users that need them
12:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we could fully lean into #7777 to turn ddnet into a crispy clean minimal game engine. With a rich ecosystem where everyone can freely maintain their own niche features they need.
12:37 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
12:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think every feature has its right to exist as long as there is one user using it. But there are so many features in ddnet I would not be surprised we waste compile time, runtime performance and maintain time on things nobody uses.
12:40 < bridge> <totar> My undering of 7777 is that is that it discourages modularization if it makes it even slightly harder to maintain the ddnet feature base.
12:41 < bridge> <totar> My understanding of 7777 is that is that it discourages modularization if it makes it even slightly harder to maintain the ddnet feature base.
12:41 < bridge> <pioooooo> we'll never have a modding api
12:42 < bridge> <totar> But I would definitely prefer if the gamemode itself was separated from the game engine significantly more
12:44 < bridge> <totar> Idk if chiller means modding api or modular feature that are added at compile
12:45 < bridge> <pioooooo> Idk how u can achieve that without an api
12:48 < bridge> <totar> Client components are already quite modular, I think if you let them control their settings UI you could swap in/out quite a few kinds of features pretty easily.
12:49 < bridge> <totar> ofc in a bytecode language you can patch the whole game easily without recompile
12:50 < bridge> <learath2> I thought 7777 was more for untangling the codebase so you can mod it more easily. Not some full plugin system
12:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
12:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Enumeration complete, found 7 devices
12:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:00.0 - Host Bridge (Class: 06:00:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:01.0 - ISA Bridge (Class: 06:01:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:01.1 - IDE Controller (Class: 01:01:80)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:01.2 - USB Controller (Class: 0C:03:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:01.3 - Bridge Device (Class: 06:80:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:02.0 - VGA Controller (Class: 03:00:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Found device 00:03.0 - Ethernet Controller (Class: 02:00:00)
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Enumeration complete, found 7 devices
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> 2025-08-18 10:51:34: PCI: Service created successfully with 7 devices
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> hello pci world
12:52 < bridge> <learath2> You are advancing rather quickly
12:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> tbh im a bit obsessed, i literally spent last 3 full days on the kernel lol
12:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> i think i should relax and go out xd
12:53 < bridge> <learath2> The strategy is just saying no to things. People are free to fork
12:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> but this is just discovery its not hard
12:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> i didnt implement any functionality yet
12:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 i had to do some refactors, i was having the async executor run inside the timer interrupt context and it started giving problems, so i created "kernel threads" which are like user processes but with ring0 and full memory access, this way i can run stuff from there and get preempted normally.
12:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> The problem with running inside the timer interrupt is that when the interrupt exits it process context gets saved/loaded etc, so now i just run my kernel tasks inside a thread
12:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> and i run a async executor inside a kernel thread
12:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> the async makes waiting for stuff rly nice
12:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> (before i had the async executor in a static global but not anymore, now it lives in the kernel thread stack)
12:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh also the globals needed locks which gave me problems with the interrupts too, having it in the stack locally-only mutable i avoid locks and deadlocks
12:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> anyway ill report my progress soon, i want PCI to upgrade my ATA to AHCI
12:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> im currently using ATA with ports, not even DMA, which is memory mapped, ports require full cpu execution while DMA doesnt require cpu to move data
13:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @totar: by lean into 7777 I mean reopen it. Change the decision made to say: any change is welcome that makes ddnet more mod friendly so ddnet features can be removed from the core code base and reduce ddnet maintenance cost.
13:05 < bridge> <pioooooo> I'm actually curious if we can get some dynamic lib of plugins at some point
13:06 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @totar: which kind of system idc. Could be binaries users can drag and drop around. Or just an easier way for forks to maintain their changes.
13:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: yes 7777 is only slightly related. It‚Äôs exactly like you said. But it has reached buzzword status to make a dramatic point. Thus mentioning it makes you sound more important. And I am GitHub influencer. Doing big speeches is what I do!
13:10 < bridge> <Assa> @avolicious reping
13:14 < bridge> <pioooooo> I want to get #10570 and #10691 merged
13:14 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10570
13:14 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10691
13:15 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1362129113950851104/1369708217697046528/128b51c9e11898153502045f044db4e9.gif
13:19 < bridge> <totar> Im ok with this üòä
13:25 < bridge> <avolicious> Give me a TL;DR please
13:30 < bridge> <Assa> yes, with pleasure:
13:30 < bridge> <Assa> 
13:30 < bridge> <Assa> TLDR envelope sync is currently broken, I want to update/fix it, Q-Move feature breaks, kog map need an update and unselect `Sync` for envelopes, because sb. at kog thought, that sync means syncing to game time and not to start line.
13:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @pioooooo: lerato once said state of the art distributed hyper webassembly microservice clusters or nothing. But I am planning since forever to extend ddnet++ with simple shared object loading. So I can say yes to every feature request and just not use the modules my self if I don‚Äôt like them.
13:31 < bridge> <Assa> yes, with pleasure:
13:31 < bridge> <Assa> 
13:31 < bridge> <Assa> TLDR envelope sync is currently broken, I want to update/fix it, Q-Move feature breaks, kog map need an update and unselect `Sync` for envelopes, because sb. at kog thought, that sync means syncing to game time and not to start line. Nothing breaks if you do that, not even the old clients
13:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @totar: well Heinrich gave me a definite maybe when I said I will reopen 7777 and make a new decision with my maintainer status xd ‚Ä¶ so idk. Probably nothing will happen.
13:32 < bridge> <Assa> more resources to read:
13:32 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10679#issuecomment-3193510900
13:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I would also like to do full analystics for these modules. So we know which module combinations in clients cause weird behavior on the server. Which module combinations cause crashes. Which modules are used by 0 users and do not have to be maintained anymore.
13:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You heard leratos strategy against feature creep: your pr will be rejected ez
13:37 < bridge> <Assa> @pioooooo I am also not in favor of doing a full refactor in your switch PR, I'd just update this 4 lines üôà
13:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Forks don‚Äôt always work well. And it‚Äôs sad to say no to people with dreams .\_.
13:37 < bridge> <Assa> üôÅ
13:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> hrhrhrhr little trolling
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> the only big features I see are 3 tiles in the pipeline
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> well maybe only 2 now
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> ~~well maybe only 2 now~~ 3!
13:39 < bridge> <avolicious> Would be cool if there is a tool available like the python grass thing chiller once had to update these maps
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> I could write one, almost trivial
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> I could write one, almost trivial (like a small python script)
13:40 < bridge> <chillerdragon> twmap mentioned
13:40 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Patiga is heaven sent
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> I helped patiga debug twmap yesterday
13:40 < bridge> <learath2> C'est la vie. Their job to get their forks working. It's sad but necessary. We can't turn our project into a playground for people just messing around
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs a game you know lerato
13:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But ye
13:41 < bridge> <Assa> what about me? can I keep messing around?
13:41 < bridge> <avolicious> Its a small game chiller
13:41 < bridge> <avolicious> And even a smaller number of devs working on it
13:43 < bridge> <learath2> Even if it was a massive team here, why do we have to be permanently burdened by supporting every passing devs feature? That's why we encourage people to ask before they start working on something
13:44 < bridge> <avolicious> Thats why some big studios just add mod support üòÑ
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> There is always a degree in support to that. Opening a few apis and hooks for mods is one thing, but ddnet is fully open source as you know xD
13:46 < bridge> <Assa> basically you can mod anything that speaks the ddnet protocol
13:46 < bridge> <learath2> E.g. your obsession with 0.7 and heinrich's obsession with maintaining 3 decades of compatibility into every possible multiverse pretty much makes it impossible to make sure everything still works. 
13:46 < bridge> <learath2> 
13:46 < bridge> <learath2> We keep having to say "think about compatibility" to all the new features, which is also criticized heavily.
13:46 < bridge> <learath2> 
13:46 < bridge> <learath2> Overall, a lot of things just belong in forks. Moddability would be nice, but it doesn't align with the main goal of keeping ddnet maintained
13:47 < bridge> <avolicious> I dont mind dropping old clients & host just one server that tells old clients to update their game to a more recent version
13:48 < bridge> <avolicious> I barely see old clients on our network to be fair
13:49 < bridge> <learath2> All this forwards and backwards compatibility just needs to be moved out ASAP IMO. Or we need to start considering editions/breakpoints. E.g. you just can't join the server if the map uses a feature your client doesn't suppirt
13:49 < bridge> <learath2> All this forwards and backwards compatibility just needs to be moved out ASAP IMO. Or we need to start considering editions/breakpoints. E.g. you just can't join the server if the map uses a feature your client doesn't support
13:49 < bridge> <avolicious> Some weeks ago
13:49 < bridge> <avolicious> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1406968298981298276/image.png?ex=68a464d6&is=68a31356&hm=1c448136804afbdc9dc70ed760d810be4ac2c57043e36c654006cd27eccdeb31&
13:50 < bridge> <learath2> I'd guess it's pretty similar for us too. Maybe a couple people that still use DDNet 12 or sth
13:51 < bridge> <avolicious> Yeah, if I scroll down there are super old versions as well
13:51 < bridge> <avolicious> Like DDNet 9
13:51 < bridge> <learath2> I want to meet that one guy who still uses DDNet 9
13:51 < bridge> <avolicious> üòÑ Next time he logs in, I'll ping you
13:51 < bridge> <learath2> With SDL1
13:52 < bridge> <Assa> maybe one of our windows 7 players (or worse :justatest: )
13:52 < bridge> <avolicious> Technically you could subscribe to the join event with this version, so you get notified your own
13:52 < bridge> <learath2> Believe it or not someone complained a couple months ago when we dropped Windows XP support
13:52 < bridge> <Assa> Unfortunately I DO believe you .__.
13:53 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe years actually. I don't quite remember when we did it now
13:53 < bridge> <Assa> can you give me this players ip?
13:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> i have a windows xp pc
13:53 < bridge> <Assa> can you give me this players ign? so i can invite him to my server
13:53 < bridge> <learath2> Idk, they were complaining on discord, you can probably search for it
13:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> so ddnet wont work there?
13:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> :feelsbadman:
13:54 < bridge> <learath2> I think we are up to Windows 7 nowadays
13:54 < bridge> <avolicious> Does discord work on Windows XP?
13:54 < bridge> <Assa> does the updater know, that the next version is not supported and show a message instead?
13:54 < bridge> <avolicious> Maybe the web version, but installed version with electron, idk
13:54 < bridge> <learath2> Maaybe Vista works with that weird patch they made that transplants 7 dlls into Vista
13:55 < bridge> <learath2> I don't even think the update servers for those versions are still running
13:55 < bridge> <learath2> They used a slightly different format
13:55 < bridge> <Assa> okay lol
13:55 < bridge> <Assa> when do we deprecate win 10? looking forward to that one :pepeW:
13:55 < bridge> <learath2> Over my dead body
13:56 < bridge> <Assa> that gives me hope
13:56 < bridge> <Assa> that gives me hope, I wish you a long fulfilling life
13:56 < bridge> <learath2> On a more serious note. I hope we can really start moving this mess out of the core codebase. So maybe chiller does have a good point
13:58 < bridge> <avolicious> I am still working on a new proposal for the DNSBL integration to make it more usable for server admins without making their hands dirty
13:58 < bridge> <kollpotato> the compatibility layer?
13:58 < bridge> <kollpotato> the one u made?
13:59 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, I don't see much of a way to do it beyond moving past dnsbl altogether
14:00 < bridge> <learath2> That, and all the rest of the backwards compatibility with version checks in random places
14:01 < bridge> <kollpotato> does heinrich have to agree on that
14:02 < bridge> <learath2> He already agrees to that
14:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://xkcd.com/1172/
14:02 < bridge> <learath2> He was working on a proxy like version of the 0.7 compatibility at some point
14:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> so instead of having a compatibility layer there could be a proxy
14:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> doesnt sound efficient to me
14:03 < bridge> <learath2> (Sadly very inefficient to do, without access to internals of the server, you are forced to reconstruct the entire gamestate)
14:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> yea thats the problem
14:04 < bridge> <learath2> But even a compatibility layer, isolated into a folder of its own would help a lot
14:05 < bridge> <kollpotato> would require a lot of refactoring which no one will want to do
14:06 < bridge> <kollpotato> but maybe there will be one hero
14:06 < bridge> <kollpotato> i cant speak for everyone
14:07 < bridge> <kollpotato> and also if quic ever gets added will proxy even be possible
14:13 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ddnet 19.2 is so popular still because Voldemort maintainer is too lazy to update xd
14:14 < bridge> <Assa> maybe we just need one strong motivated potato to implement this
14:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Seen them! And older. There are some strong opinions about old features and also windows xp hardware users.
14:15 < bridge> <avolicious> Yes
14:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> There is something magic about being able to play a multiplayer game with decade old software and actually meet other players. These users have no other choice than to play Teeworlds/ddnet
14:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> i just met 2 tasers on the same server
14:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> magic
14:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> i need an obliterator
14:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @robyt3: Heinrich once had a crashout because we have too many labels. But I think it would be valuable if mappers and server owners could browser all prs that changed how the client interprets maps. So they can fix their maps if needed. https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10679#issuecomment-3191035763
14:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Makes it also easier for us to break things when users have a chance to inform them self about it and adapt
14:26 < bridge> <Assa> nah there is no way, I'll break sb. map but he'll not notice
14:27 < bridge> <Assa> because when you broke it a few years ago, almost nobody noticed as well
14:27 < bridge> <Assa> I am just annoyed that this is a thing
14:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The label would not be used to slow down the merge because it is breaking stuff. It‚Äôs to speedup the merge even if it breaks stuff because at least it was communicated.
14:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Users only notice if they play the map. Not all admins have tw clients installed.
14:39 < bridge> <Assa> I can't believe this PR delets more than it adds
14:40 < bridge> <Assa> I can't believe this PR deletes more than it adds
14:41 < bridge> <Assa> the good thing is, you don't actually break much. Servers like kog and infection class abused this feature and in the worst case only some animations are not shown or wrongly timed. That's not really a gamebreaker
14:48 < bridge> <Assa> omg, does anyobdy have an idea how I tell mac to stfu? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/actions/runs/17040852320/job/48303976545?pr=10708#step:11:426
14:48 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:48 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon maybe?
14:52 < bridge> <Assa> guess I'll just rename
14:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiler xddd
14:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1406984356517515355/Screenshot_2025-08-18-15-52-48-64_e307a3f9df9f380ebaf106e1dc980bb6.jpg?ex=68a473cb&is=68a3224b&hm=254f6b7efdb6a03769876fea48df4ef9d2640e369f112a0a0854e336b0deaa94&
14:54 < bridge> <cellegenrih> :troll:
14:54 < bridge> <kollpotato> why is it possible to mention users in commits
14:54 < bridge> <kollpotato> weird af
15:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> I think readability matters more so I don't want to change to that
15:01 < bridge> <Assa> okay then don't, I already approved üëç
15:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> (((
15:03 < bridge> <Assa> you are doing good, keep on going, you're a diligent bee working hard for the colony üêù
15:04 < bridge> <Assa> you are doing good, keep on going, you're a diligent bee working hard for the colony üêù (a queen is also a bee and also hard working, I don't like where this is going :justatest: )
15:07 < bridge> <pioooooo> it wasn't any negative emoji it's just random filler symbols for idk how to describe just ignore;;
15:07 < bridge> <pioooooo> :nouis:
15:07 < bridge> <pioooooo> I tend to text like this with chinese ppl
15:08 < bridge> <pioooooo> ‚ù§Ô∏è
15:09 < bridge> <Assa> you mean like: conversation is over </html>
15:09 < bridge> <Assa> for me these always look like a sad smiley, `:(((`
15:11 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't think this is a good idea. I think map items should be separate from everything else and only used for writing to maps. I'd rather duplicate every map item separately as an "unpacked, validated map item"  instead of further leaking the internal map items into the rest of the code.
15:11 < bridge> <pioooooo> kinda but i also express some of my emotion that idc if they even convey :)
15:14 < bridge> <Assa> how'd you do the editor integration then? In the editor m_Width and m_height of a tilelayer are not constant, and we have a lot of other parameters that I'd need to send into the rendering as well
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> I can make the interhitance private instead and make the render layers friends
15:17 < bridge> <robyt3> I'd add separate classes to represent the map items to be rendered, then validation of the internal map items only has to be performed once for every item, or maybe somehow have your render layers wrap the internal map items. I favor composition over inheritance.
15:28 < bridge> <Assa> this would basically be the same classes just as data containers
15:37 < bridge> <robyt3> I think in a proper design, the internal map items wouldn't be reused. I think a layered architecture would make it easier to understand. Subclassing the internal items directly seems rather confusing. Not sure, need to think about the problem you are trying to solve in more detail.
15:40 < bridge> <Assa> I am only inheriting here, because using them as a data container would lead to much more code changes, but one data container should be enough even for reading and writing it out
15:41 < bridge> <Assa> with the current implementation the map_io still creates a new data container and copies it's values over (on by one)
15:41 < bridge> <Assa> with the current implementation the map_io still creates a new mapitem and copies it's values over (on by one)
15:41 < bridge> <Assa> with the current implementation the map_io still creates a new mapitem and copies it's values over (on by one) instead of saving the layer directly
15:46 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Invisible collision and freeze is a gamebreaker!!!
15:46 < bridge> <Assa> yeah nice mod you got there
15:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But I would even consider minor graphical changes worthy of informing mappers to give them a chance to fix it
15:47 < bridge> <Assa> in the end, as I said, either we fix it or remove it
15:48 < bridge> <Assa> but letting it in this broken state is certainly not desirable
15:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Woah do you speak Russian?
15:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Im not saying don‚Äôt fix. Just inform the users about the fix. At least with a label
15:49 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller when contribute to ddnet-scripts
15:49 < bridge> <kollpotato> rewrite python 2 scripts in bash
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> kog ah mod
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I did
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Didn‚Äôt I
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I am big contribution farmer
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I rq from that repo
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Because it‚Äôs fake
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It does not properly reflect what is on ddnet vps
15:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No admin bothered to set it up correctly yet
15:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So non admin plebs can‚Äôt do much
15:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> so only deen can implement this xd https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-web/issues/336
15:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They manually copy over scripts to weird places. And hardcodet ah shits. PRs aren‚Äôt really welcomed there.
15:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> yeah i saw the code
15:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> its underadable
15:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> its unreadable
15:52 < bridge> <Assa> I'd be happy if sb fixes the properties script
15:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> whats wrong with it
15:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I plan to farm admin access to properly reflect the vps state in the public repo. So one can clone the repo. Spin up a ddnet vps. Apply changes and pr them. Then dennis can merge and git pull and enjoy new bugs without any further manual action needed
15:53 < bridge> <swarfey> You can Check my implementation at https://npmjs.com/package/teeworlds
15:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Or I just ask sp someone for access. And do it without ddnet staff approval.
15:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> yeah would be sick
15:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: don't forget to properly reflect db connection strings
15:54 < bridge> <Assa> new speedtiles don't work, they are shown as tele checkpoints. There is an issue about it
15:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat <:justatest:572499997178986510>
15:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It will be all proper environment variables .\_. No leaks on my watch
15:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They call me CyberDragon the security overlord
15:56 < bridge> <Assa> yeah don't leak your discord hooks :p
15:56 < bridge> <kollpotato> rust issue
15:56 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1407000204825333822/image.png?ex=68a4828d&is=68a3310d&hm=bd529ef9c78a725ac8a8c9935da80f59906b441c9dd9868e825a74a01dc5cb35&
15:56 < bridge> <kollpotato> xd
15:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Common rust L
15:57 < bridge> <soulyvevo> ^ @ Ryozuki
15:57 < bridge> <kollpotato> he is gonna spawn with kernel updates in a few days
15:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: that wasn‚Äôt me!
15:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I was the white hat hacker who found it and disclosed it responsibly in a public channel
15:58 < bridge> <Assa> I know xD
15:59 < bridge> <Assa> he can actually be glad, that I was the only one sending stuff over it
15:59 < bridge> <Assa> and harmless things as well
16:01 < bridge> <Assa> `download latest client at ddnet-org.com/downloads`
16:02 < bridge> <Assa> `download latest client at ddnet-org.com/downloads` /s
16:08 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> isntg that just Colo Colo :kekw:
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon the weekly refacotr destroys hacker devs
16:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> rip haxxors
16:45 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Refactor antibot
16:46 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Only chillerbot will survive thanks to state of the art git conflict driven development
16:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/actions/runs/17043615736/job/48313481707?pr=10691
16:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> ```
16:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> & 'D:\Program Files\LLVM-10\bin\clang-format.exe'--version
16:48 < bridge> <pioooooo> clang-format version 10.0.0 
16:48 < bridge> <pioooooo> ```
16:48 < bridge> <pioooooo> I don't have 10.0.1 on windows...
16:48 < bridge> <pioooooo> Let
16:55 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon if you'd do that breaking config change properly, you could add a deprecation warning and remove it for 19.5 üòÜ
17:45 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: I love deprecation! I proposed that once. I think either deen or Heinrich was against it .\_.
17:46 < bridge> <Assa> I have an idea why, sb eventually has to remove the deprecated code
17:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yea and until then both versions have to be supported which adds complexity
17:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But it‚Äôs nice for the users .\_.
17:49 < bridge> <Assa> I'd do that fully optionally, like if you want to deprecate go ahead. Can also be nice for modders if a function logs "this is deprectead, pls use xyz isntead" like log_info instead of print for example
17:57 < bridge> <jxsl13> sneak 'em in
17:57 < bridge> <jxsl13> but pshh
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 writing a kernel just makes me realize Terry Davis was really a big genius
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> the amount of knowledge you need is insane
18:16 < bridge> <kollpotato> and Terry didnt have rust :kek:
18:22 < bridge> <learath2> Yep, if only he wasnt mentally ill he would have achieved such greatness. Or maybe it was the insanity that let him create gods OS
18:27 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> :kek:
18:27 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> `gods OS` is a little far-fetched
18:27 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Ryo isnt even done yet!
18:29 < bridge> <learath2> Well I don't think Ryo is theming his after a temple
18:29 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> Ryo should make it a cult
18:30 < bridge> <blaiszephyr> you need to sacrifice 5 Stronghold t0 triplepseudofly dummy players in order to join
18:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:53 < bridge> <Ewan> you know the history right? he wasn't just some schizo that did software as a hobby
18:54 < bridge> <Ewan> I'd hope at this point that his life just shows ppl how easily mental health can make you fall from grace
18:55 < bridge> <Ewan> willpower has nothing to do with it
18:55 < bridge> <Ewan> he was a smart mf
19:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Ewan i do not know the story
19:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** story time with ewan pls
19:38 < bridge> <Ewan> sorry im busy collecting my favorite japanese 80s/90s VGM soundtracks because someone was trying to tell me the Amiga did it better
19:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lmao funnet bot is cute
19:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** does anyone know who made it?
20:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think its a bit bugged tho xd
20:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it sent me 32 whispers within one split second
20:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** seems like it cant handle servers with more relaxed anti spam
20:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** connected to 250 servers only xd. Rookie numbers. But wat can you do with bloated javascript client hrhrhr
20:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Swarfeya can i ping u here? 
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> @0xdeen  Is it intentional that the app name includes the version? For the final website release the app name on the home screen should only be "DDNet" and the version "18.8".
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1313173395327680532/Screenshot_2024-12-02-16-49-05-33_fc704e6b13c4fb26bf5e411f75da84f2.jpg?ex=68a4a007&is=68a34e87&hm=e32ce02e654bff7ca288981ec3bf86eeb2024990a0e0a79a1e098301cec73ba7&
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> # New Android beta version!
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> See https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8632 for details. The controls are now adjustable, although you will need to use an external text editor for it:
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 1. Export the touch configuration to the clipboard.
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 2. Save the clipboard to a file so you can easily edit it (you should also do this to have a backup of your configuration in case you need to reinstall the app!).
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 3. Edit the configuration (see link above for details about the format).
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 4. Copy it to the clipboard and import it in the client again. If the configuration could not be loaded, check the local console for error messages containing `touch_controls` and fix it accordingly.
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 5. Save the changes in the client when you are done. You can also discard your changes or revert to the default if you messed up.
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> Example for a new touch button:
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> 
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> ```json
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3> {
20:09 < bridge> <robyt3>     "x": 500000,
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "y": 500000,
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "w": 100000,
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "h": 100000,
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "shape": "rect",
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "visibilities": [
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>         "ingame"
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     ],
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     "behavior": {
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>         "type": "bind",
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>         "label": "Example",
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>         "label-type": "plain",
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>         "command": "echo Hello world!"
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3>     }
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3> },
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3> ```
20:10 < bridge> <robyt3> 
20:12 < abcf> hi
20:20 < bridge> <Ewan> Chiller the ping didn't go through but you also added an a to the username
20:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bro i never know wat username nudelsoft uses
20:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @swarfey ur lib live on 100+ servers since a few days üöÄ
20:24 < bridge> <Ewan> it worked that time
20:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ty
20:28 < bridge> <swarfey> well, connected to 250 servers in a single thread!
20:29 < bridge> <swarfey> i saw it, no clue what they achieve with it tho
20:29 < bridge> <swarfey> maybe they gather chatlogs to train an ai with it. teeworlds big data incoming
20:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bigd
20:31 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** chadlogs
20:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im sure with the right regex you can find quality stuff by logging all tw server chats
20:32 < bridge> <swarfey> maybe it can solve the mystery of chilera's job
20:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** like passwords, phone numbers, trade secrets and big time gossip
20:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it for sure can
20:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``grep -r 'ChillerDragon.*J*b'``
20:56 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller how do u know its his lib
20:58 < bridge> <kollpotato> xd why did i read this as chillerdragon
20:58 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1407076243266076792/image.png?ex=68a4c95e&is=68a377de&hm=df849a3204577df72a45fa83aa6da8e498f3ef99014f31c6a636f4d14556a251&
20:59 < bridge> <swarfey> its the only lib being used in the wild hrhr. other than that it sends an i-am-npm-lib packet so the server owner knows
21:00 < bridge> <swarfey> and also when it first started 3 days ago you could see the default skin from my lib being on all servers as well
21:00 < bridge> <swarfey> its the only lib being used in the wild hrhr. jokes aside, it sends an i-am-npm-lib packet so the server owner knows
21:00 < bridge> <kollpotato> ohh so thats how its detectable
21:01 < bridge> <kollpotato> is it like a custom uuid chunk?
21:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://picture.iczhiku.com/resource/eetop/SYkDTqhOLhpUTnMx.pdf
21:01 < bridge> <swarfey> ye exactly
21:01 < bridge> <swarfey> it also adds an npmjs link to the ddnet version string
21:01 < bridge> <kollpotato> wow nice
21:02 < bridge> <swarfey> so that server owners can ban them if they want. tater client & cactus also send an uuid chunk iirc
21:02 < bridge> <kollpotato> would be nice if it sent user's ip here too
21:03 < bridge> <swarfey> xd russian ip flood
21:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> sadly the voldemort client does not do that
21:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> i wonder why
21:03 < bridge> <swarfey> üò≠
21:22 < bridge> <kollpotato> wtf congrats
21:29 < bridge> <kebscs> chiller 24/7 on github now
21:30 < bridge> <kebscs> 1min merge
21:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs u will see the power of atomic prs! the chance of https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10712 getting conflicts is sooo low! its such a cheap to maintain pr
21:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** epic win
21:34 < bridge> <kebscs> this was 1 line change
21:34 < bridge> <kebscs> didnt think its such a big deal
21:34 < bridge> <kebscs> and the build didnt fail before rebase
21:35 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller u dont see embeds right
21:35 < bridge> <kollpotato> nouis got admin
21:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> fyi
21:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i booted into electron for a second because i wanted to know what the out of context "wtf congrats" meant
21:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it said community team didnt it? what kind of admin is that. 
21:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs if the pr can be split, split it. Even if you open 10 prs for 10 lines xd
21:40 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont like farm prs
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** discussion drama can be found everywhere
21:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> no idea what community admins do
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** mixing different discussion creates stale prs
21:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> probably map releases and banner contests
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs its not about farming. Its about merge speed.
21:41 < bridge> <kebscs> its such a simple pr
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.6ab20fe2-bb5d-4d1e-b787-ac0628a30e5a.png
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** #7729 ah moment
21:41 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7729
21:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** one does not simply .. simple pr
22:02 < bridge> <kebscs> when 19.4
22:36 < chillerbot> ding dong ping pong @ChillerDragon  @ChillerDragon @ChillerDragon @ChillerDragon: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9965
22:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wtf chilerbot drunk
22:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah i already looked into that
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> does the demo player show the previous tick when unpaused???
22:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i remember something about that souly
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thers something going wrong with the current tick when paused
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if i pause then goto freeview i jump ahead a tick
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> jump back a tick*?
22:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1843#issuecomment-1147425429
22:42 < bridge> <kebscs> whats the point of that pr @sollybunny
22:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Soly bun bun  ^
22:43 < bridge> <kebscs> if hack clients can edit their position, why does it matter if you get interpolated position or not
22:43 < bridge> <kebscs> if it still would be wrong either way
22:43 < bridge> <kebscs> and the pr's diff is huge
22:43 < bridge> <kebscs> and the pr's diff is big and confusing
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the behaviour change is obvious
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> large diff is due to indent (i cant really fix that, behaviour after the if is required)
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why i have to use previous tick is not and im currently figuring that out
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ill add more "why" to the pr
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> because its subject to being less accurate and its still delayed
22:45 < bridge> <kebscs> its a not accepted issue, would be best to type your motivation in the pr/issue
22:45 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont see how smoothing is " less useful for moderation"
22:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks the new gtx 5090 TI just dropped
22:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1023638794429288529/unknown.png?ex=68a4ac6a&is=68a35aea&hm=25e9b05dedf578a1b046e050e04e026f3cb2eaa417e6d913a83ef69f93874401&
22:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> because im looking for specific mouse behaviour
22:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> in close proximity the hookline is blocked
22:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and always the distance is not accurate for the current time
22:48 < bridge> <kebscs> dont get it
22:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> go into demo player, pause and tick step
22:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the mouse position is always behind
22:49 < bridge> <robyt3> Add `w=1` URL parameter to ignore whitespace changes: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10713/files?w=1
22:50 < bridge> <kebscs> ok i see now
22:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think its cuz u can pause on an intra tick
22:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so i need to linear interp still
22:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can confirm that it is annoying
22:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the cursor just doesnt match the actual aim
22:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i end up going back and forth because the interp position even if delayed is usable
22:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think i pinged fred once about it
22:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so did i
22:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @ryozuki xd
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how does intra tick work?
23:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is it always the amount of time passed till the next known tick
23:09 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon ^ this PR is almost directly mergable
23:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i have reports from 3 players that inputs feel off
23:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no further details xd
23:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa which. I see no pr on irc :p not booting matrix for beg hrhrhr
23:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i booted gaghub i assume u mean the one lerato merged
23:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** pr stealer
23:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** who spammed 75 prs again
23:25 < bridge> <Assa> I mean robyts #10714 which is 3loc
23:25 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10714
23:25 < bridge> <Assa> and fixing the bug shown in bugs
23:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 how do i make someone maintainer?
23:47 < bridge> <learath2> you don't
23:48 < bridge> <jxsl13> Coup d'√©tat, ez
23:49 < bridge> <jxsl13> overthrow the system, chiller
