00:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon ur pr doesnt really effect my change
00:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sleep!
00:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes you are right
00:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i also need sleep maybe we can still yolo it in like that
00:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** looks like you dont kill in ``DecreaseHealthAndKill`` are players supposed to not die in tsmash when hammered to 0 hp?
00:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh yes you even clarified in the comment
00:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omg i need sleep bye xd
01:40 < bridge> <chillerdragon> !remind 14 @swarfey
01:40 < chillerbot> Helo chillerdragon I will remind you at Thu Aug 21 2025 01:54:57 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
01:54 < chillerbot> Elo @chillerdragon I just wanted to remind you that: @swarfey
02:06 < bridge> <teero777> !remind 3 you're stupid
02:06 < chillerbot> Helo teero777 I will remind you at Thu Aug 21 2025 02:09:37 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
02:09 < chillerbot> Elo @teero777 I just wanted to remind you that: you're stupid
02:13 < bridge> <teero777> thanks
02:14 < bridge> <teero777> !remind me 105192000 how are you still alive wtf
02:14 < chillerbot> Helo teero777 I will remind you at Fri Aug 22 2025 02:14:11 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
02:14 < bridge> <teero777> huh? does it max out at a day chillerdragon?
04:49 < bridge> <bencie> Is this still accurate on Steam, now that we have controller settings and all?
04:49 < bridge> <bencie> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1379133353571254382/Wm1n4Wd.png?ex=68a74806&is=68a5f686&hm=d00bf7455e240120a9d52c94069d2fbdc5c0f138d2b84408cb3a103a043c8b04&
05:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You wrote remind me
06:04 < bridge> <teero777> lol
06:04 < bridge> <teero777> !remind 105192000 how are you still alive wtf
06:04 < chillerbot> Helo teero777 I will remind you at Thu Aug 28 2025 06:04:17 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
06:04 < bridge> <teero777> still only a day hmm
06:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Mh
06:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> A week
06:05 < bridge> <teero777> oh
06:05 < bridge> <teero777> Chillerdragon: stop limiting us
06:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Is the time in seconds?
06:05 < bridge> <teero777> minutes
06:06 < bridge> <teero777> I was going for 200 years
06:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> !remind 10519200 how are you still alive wtf
06:06 < chillerbot> Helo Jupstar ‚ú™ I will remind you at Thu Aug 28 2025 06:06:31 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
06:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Guess one week is Max
06:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bad bot
06:06 < bridge> <DDNet> :(
06:15 < bridge> <teero777> @jupeyy_keks sweetbot is spitting facts once again
06:15 < bridge> <teero777> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1407941039515504640/image0.png?ex=68a7eec6&is=68a69d46&hm=43f1128739f2d1b0b7d1230b0bfc305a7e4363043e73ed1673ef08be1fe84fc2&
06:15 < bridge> <teero777> How do I get there
06:27 < bridge> <hare_0412> üòã
06:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Lel
06:54 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Greatest philosopher alive
07:27 < bridge> <Assa> good morning all chillerbot enthusiasts, kernel devs and others ‚òÄÔ∏è
07:27 < bridge> <Assa> !remind -1 test
07:27 < chillerbot> Helo Assa I will remind you at Thu Aug 21 2025 07:26:59 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
07:28 < chillerbot> yo @Assa keep in mind to: test
07:29 < bridge> <Assa> remind -1200 bot remind me yesterday
07:29 < bridge> <Assa> !remind -1200 bot remind me yesterday
07:29 < chillerbot> Helo Assa I will remind you at Wed Aug 20 2025 11:29:17 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
07:29 < chillerbot> Elo @Assa I just wanted to remind you that: bot remind me yesterday
07:29 < bridge> <Assa> too late üò†
08:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Blame @ryozuki for the max
08:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> !remind 5 @ryozuki test backups (too soon? Xd)
08:33 < chillerbot> Helo chillerdragon I will remind you at Thu Aug 21 2025 08:38:46 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
08:38 < chillerbot> yo @chillerdragon keep in mind to: @ryozuki test backups (too soon? Xd)
08:39 < bridge> <melon> :justatest:
08:43 < bridge> <Ewan> the attack is already underway
08:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> !remind kill my self
08:49 < chillerbot> Helo ryozuki I will remind you at Fri Aug 22 2025 08:49:33 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
08:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ono
08:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @ryozuki: everything will be okay c:
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> !remind 1427 @ryozuki you are beatiful and we love you
09:02 < chillerbot> Helo Assa I will remind you at Fri Aug 22 2025 08:49:01 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
09:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> on other news, i nearly got my fat32 filesystem to work with SATA/AHCI instead of PATA
09:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is a increase from max 16mb/s to 1.5gb/s
09:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> (well qemu has a 1.5gb limit)
09:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> i think sata limit is 6
09:58 < bridge> <Assa> I am currently writing the composition instead of inheritance for robyt, it's annoying because it's so much more code but maybe I'm just lazy
10:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa you farmed so many reviews your ddnet C++ style became flawless üöÄ
10:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what even is composition instead of inheritance xd
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> asks the maintainer omg
10:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maintainer btw
10:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i merged physics breaking changes for you! now you merge config breaking changes for me! https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10711
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> inheritance is when a class inherits from another
10:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i got 20 prs open that are ready ._.
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> like class A : public B;
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> composition is class A { B m_B;}
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> composition is `class A { B m_B;}`
10:37 < bridge> <learath2> Are we sure we don't want to keep the numbers as special aliases to `mod` and `helper` for old times sake?
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> like `class A : public B;`
10:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 I would love to do it. If i have the greenlight from the miesmuschel maintainers
10:38 < bridge> <Assa> I hope robyt likes the 1000+ LOC coming from composition instead of inheritance
10:38 < bridge> <learath2> I wouldn't be against it. Who didn't want it?
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i would have to investigate
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think heinrich or deen
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe it was also C++ code not user facing configs
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so more #7777 deprecation
10:38 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
10:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 yea idk i dont find it anymore. We could rush it in quickly before heinrich can react xd
10:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i will do it
10:41 < bridge> <learath2> Let's think, what would be the issue with it
10:41 < bridge> <learath2> You'd have to handle numbers as special, so they can't be names of access_levels
10:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah thanks for explaining @Assa. Look at this contributor explain the maintainer how the world works
10:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 lerato when do we make @Assa maintainer?
10:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea i guess composition could be cool its more reusable. OOP sounds nice until you end up with diamond inhertiance shit
10:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 the numbers blocking access levels is fine
10:43 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, idk, 2 maintainers wanting to make everything go lightspeed might be too much
10:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the biggest pain point is code complexity and that we might have to support it forever
10:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 hrhrh the fakin cant merge your own and need 2 maintainer rule rly slows shit down
10:44 < bridge> <learath2> I'm sure you can make it simple enough and if simple enough support forever is fine I guess
10:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 ok then when i burn out from ddnet in 2 weeks and stop merge everything I will be as stale maintainer as you my big role model. Then you can make assa maintainer ez?
10:44 < bridge> <learath2> That's the entire point of the rule
10:45 < bridge> <learath2> This isn't some bleeding edge playground, it's supposed to be fairly stable üòÑ
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ddnet-rs mentioned
10:47 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, just give it a go, unless someone else sees a flaw we are both missing we can just merge it
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont miss flaws
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i just disagree with heinrich what a flaw is 
10:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** cronically
10:48 < bridge> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/9845
10:49 < bridge> <kebscs> @chillerdragon approve, now that you're a maintainer
10:49 < bridge> <Assa> I am just trying to improve the game at some critical points
10:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs <:justatest:572499997178986510> im scared
10:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i already wrote big wall of text as maintainer
10:49 < bridge> <kebscs> Who else going to do that
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** should convince other maintainers
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs lerato the goatedest of all
10:50 < bridge> <kebscs> Heinrich wants to give context how many reactions there is instead of actually commenting
10:50 < bridge> <kebscs> Rly useful
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> my current goals:
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> - make map rendering blazingly fast
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> - make editor use map rendering, so it's not slow turtle editor
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> - recorder tiles
10:51 < bridge> <learath2> I think I like all your PRs. I would just worry about you and chiller just approving all of eachothers PRs immediately üòÑ
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> you can make rules and just forbid that
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> you can make rules and just forbid that; to clarify: forbid merging not approving
10:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> requires 2 maintainers excluding assa and chiller if its an assa or chiller pr
10:52 < bridge> <learath2> Most specificest of rules üòÑ
10:52 < bridge> <Assa> but practical
10:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> lmao all maintainers are equal, but some maintainers are more equal
10:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> * lerato 2025
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> yeah but that's actually true, we are all more specialized in different regions of the code
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> if you don't agree with that, continue heinrichs QUIC PR
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> if you don't agree with that, continue heinrichs QUIC PR (most dead slap argument I ever gave lol)
10:53 < bridge> <learath2> I would approve fast input but I'm like 70% sure all of you are just having a placebo trip
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We can use his historical comment to plot the +1 votes over time and make a point xd
10:53 < bridge> <kebscs> Even the aoe video?
10:54 < bridge> <learath2> Is he immune to placebo?
10:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> merge4merge uwu
10:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @learath2 i get motion sick without fst input lmao
10:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i might be placebo'ing tho
10:57 < bridge> <learath2> It is possible, idk that's why I said there it's very hard to measure whether this actually improves anything
10:57 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe we can just merge it and allow disabling it? The people who might possibly hate it the most are veterans, who can just flip it back
10:59 < bridge> <kebscs> Yes, it's proposed as compeletly optional, off by default
10:59 < bridge> <kebscs> So people don't have to change to tclient solely for just this 1 feature
11:00 < bridge> <learath2> Also more in general, stuff like votes and reactions to things like this is extreeemely biased. We have 5k players, maybe 100 of them are involved enough to react to anything.
11:00 < bridge> <learath2> 
11:00 < bridge> <learath2> Especially when someone well known in the community is involved with pushing for it. Look at the old team colors thing. All of Aoe's friends showed up to vote. Mostly all players playing since 0.5.2
11:01 < bridge> <learath2> Most players never hear about votes, new features. I think it's our job to advocate for their needs too. Not just the needs of the 30 people who are hyperinvolved
11:01 < bridge> <Assa> I am more in favor of adding something like a community manager, the community can collect issues and features they want and the community manager goes to devs and looks how it could be done
11:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Heinrich is strong technically but I think it‚Äôs fair that he doesn‚Äôt rush his opinion when it comes to deeply gameplay relevant things. As josspit loves to say it: you don‚Äôt get a green name without stopping to play
11:02 < bridge> <kebscs> My bad forgot it's ddnet, let's do nothing
11:02 < bridge> <kebscs> Nothing ever happens
11:03 < bridge> <learath2> The hard part is finding the "community". We keep ending up polling a very small non-representative portion of the community
11:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> force every player to have a github account
11:03 < bridge> <kollpotato> :kek:
11:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You will get lynched for that by extreme gores players haha. Go let them blind test it.
11:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kebscs: another reason why I don‚Äôt feel like approving fast input is that I never tried it and also don‚Äôt want to try it xd
11:04 < bridge> <learath2> Nothing ever happens, meanwhile ChillerDragon is merging like 80 PRs a second
11:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I also don‚Äôt use anti ping
11:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And a too high mouse senses
11:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I want to cap my skill
11:04 < bridge> <learath2> I wish we could facilitate this. It would be the proper way to see if my hypothesis that everyone is tripping on placebo is true
11:05 < bridge> <0xdeen> I think polling is not be the best way to determine direction for DDNet. Need someone at the top with a vision, and then just do it. Polls are too easy to game.
11:05 < bridge> <kebscs> Of what, random fixes/reactors?
11:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Otherwise my ungodly skill could be confused with botting
11:05 < bridge> <kebscs> Name 1 actual feature not added by me last 6months
11:05 < bridge> <kebscs> Don't think there's more than 2
11:05 < bridge> <learath2> How is this a good metric of anything? At 2 features per month we'll end up with a mess in a year
11:06 < bridge> <learath2> Amount of features is a genuinely horrible metric
11:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: yes voting is rigged but I value aoe 0.5 friends opinion more than 12yo Russian tiktoker who plays since 2 weeks and never downloaded ddnet. And thinks voldemort is the main client. But I am also trying to advertise GitHub to get more players into the discussion
11:07 < bridge> <kebscs> Definetly not what I said
11:07 < bridge> <kebscs> 1 feature in last 6 months equal to 1 in 6 months
11:07 < bridge> <kebscs> Not 2 every month
11:07 < bridge> <learath2> If by some miracle you could take a representative sample of the playerbase, maybe? But then a lot of people will be very upset when we have to add clan war features for the blocker players
11:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Also I think opinions of players that care more and will stay longer matter more
11:08 < bridge> <learath2> So, how many new features a month you think is the appropriate amount?
11:09 < bridge> <learath2> The correct answer is that there is no "appropriate amount of new features per month". Sometimes there just isn't anything worth adding, and that is fine. It's what happens as projects mature
11:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes I agree proper dictators are good. But we have nobody that is active enough .\_.
11:09 < bridge> <kebscs> This isn't why nothing gets added
11:09 < bridge> <learath2> The new switch targets look very promising. They will probably be the next major feature to be added
11:10 < bridge> <learath2> You and I seem to disagree on "what is worth adding", that seems to be the main issue here
11:10 < bridge> <texandnonik> would like to have bucket tool , i know that it's definetly possible with automaping rule , just don't know how .
11:10 < bridge> <texandnonik> can someone make or send me if he have it ?
11:10 < bridge> <texandnonik> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408015426952237148/image.png?ex=68a8340d&is=68a6e28d&hm=b75697cea75f66cc8f11a82dda58779965088b45864ab77f1315b9f4aefbe409&
11:10 < bridge> <texandnonik> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408015427296034969/image.png?ex=68a8340d&is=68a6e28d&hm=b10b3eb9d107f8dc0f073ebc9251370206607041b89a60f9d4c5acb1251a41e9&
11:11 < bridge> <learath2> Aha, maybe time we finally use a breadth first search
11:11 < bridge> <kebscs> Nothings worth adding if you don't add anything
11:11 < bridge> <learath2> That doesn't make sense
11:11 < bridge> <learath2> It's circular
11:11 < bridge> <kebscs> I code a feature/make a request for 1 and it's in endless "discussion"
11:11 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon look what you've done, now I made it a composition and you have 27 files to look at
11:12 < bridge> <kebscs> Very easy for you to take 0 action and keep discussing
11:12 < bridge> <learath2> That's why we say ask us before making stuff to anyone that shows up
11:13 < bridge> <learath2> The discussions are how you figure out whether something is worth adding. You come in there with the a priori assumption that it is worth adding, because if not why did you even code it
11:13 < bridge> <kebscs> OK I asked about fast input 6 months ago now what
11:14 < bridge> <kebscs> Who's discussing, I see just 1 maintainer typing how many reactions the issue has
11:14 < bridge> <Assa> since it's highly discussed and not outright rejected, the assumption that it's worth adding can be made
11:15 < bridge> <kebscs> Ppl be quitting the game before any action gets taken
11:16 < bridge> <learath2> Like just fork it and do whatever you want? Idk what to tell you. I'm not going to merge something because it has X thumbs up emojis and you are annoyed at us
11:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: der deutsche Redaktor mit dem gro√üen K
11:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Refaktor
11:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Autocomplete aah
11:17 < bridge> <kebscs> Yea that's why people move to tclient
11:17 < bridge> <learath2> Like what even is the demand here?
11:17 < bridge> <kebscs> And say ddnet client is shit
11:17 < bridge> <learath2> Feel free to, we even encourage it
11:17 < bridge> <learath2> Have all the features you like
11:18 < bridge> <Assa> it's Vulkan an not Vulcan, it's Refactor and not Refaktor, can't we just delete one letter?
11:18 < bridge> <Assa> lang too inefficient
11:18 < bridge> <kebscs> Yea gonna add new tiles asap thanks for your input
11:18 < bridge> <Assa> we don't do Atomredaktors anymore
11:20 < bridge> <learath2> New tiles are usually not that hard to get in. I think almost everyone got their new tiles in
11:20 < bridge> <learath2> You'll see when louis finishes up with his switch targets. They'll probably take at most a week
11:20 < bridge> <kebscs> Last new tile added 3.5 years ago
11:21 < bridge> <Assa> new tiles are very hard to get in, we have multiple finished unmerged tiles in PRs
11:22 < bridge> <Assa> that's actually wrong, last tile was the new speeders this year
11:22 < bridge> <texandnonik> I don't mind automap rule for it . If you are talking about my suggestion.
11:22 < bridge> <kebscs> Not a new tile
11:22 < bridge> <learath2> There is probably something wrong with them. We aren't that strict on tiles
11:23 < bridge> <Assa> it factually is, a new tile with tile id 29 in speedlayer, it has some different properties to the old ones
11:23 < bridge> <learath2> Probably lacking a map along with the tile
11:23 < bridge> <kebscs> There's probably something wrong, new feature probably placebo. Nothing ever happens
11:23 < bridge> <Assa> plase take a look a tune lock tiles
11:23 < bridge> <learath2> Keep being snarky, I'm sure that'll help
11:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Wot I haven‚Äôt done anything .\_.
11:24 < bridge> <kebscs> You're trolling, I'm doing it back
11:24 < bridge> <learath2> I have been very matter of fact and professional at every point of this conversation
11:25 < bridge> <learath2> You have been implicitly badmouthing people and making snarky remarks for the last hour
11:25 < bridge> <learath2> I know it's annoying to not get your things merged. But that doesn't give you the right to be an ass
11:25 < bridge> <kebscs> üòÇ üòÇ
11:26 < bridge> <Assa> guys please, you don't make the situation better if keep on going like this
11:27 < bridge> <learath2> Case and point
11:27 < bridge> <kebscs> You're probably right
11:27 < bridge> <kebscs> Can't tell need more discussion
11:27 < bridge> <kebscs> Well get back to you in a year to not discuss too much though
11:27 < bridge> <Assa> I'd certainly look into your fast input PR
11:28 < bridge> <learath2> I'm not touching anything you make with a 6ft pole, you can ask someone else to review your work. I'd rather not work with you in any manner, let alone as a collaborator
11:28 < bridge> <kebscs> Mb for doing anything for the game
11:29 < bridge> <Assa> ^
11:29 < bridge> <learath2> We appreciate all your contributions. I personally just don't want to interact with you anymore, so someone else can handle your stuff
11:29 < bridge> <Assa> I am pretty sure you both did something for the game and that this should be valued
11:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: rude
11:30 < bridge> <kebscs> Big loss, 1 merge a year less
11:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> good vibes only
11:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> lmao @kebscs
11:31 < bridge> <Assa> we now have chillerdragon, he merges new features blazingly fast
11:31 < bridge> <Assa> :justatest:  as long as they're not mine
11:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes blazingly merging reverts of kebs features
11:32 < bridge> <learath2> and you keep going, quite bold, anyway, I'll just ignore you, you are far too toxic for my taste and it just leaves a bad taste on the rest of my day whenever I talk with you
11:32 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
11:32 < bridge> <Assa> the weather is nice here, lets all go touch some grass!
11:36 < bridge> <chairn> yeah, no more 40¬∞C outside
11:36 < bridge> <chairn> a good fresh 24¬∞C
11:37 < bridge> <Assa> 22¬∞C is room temperature, here it's 19¬∞C (I enjoy it tbh)
11:43 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon: You can merge the fast input thing if you believe it's an actual improvement btw. I was considering merging it when Aoe also contacted me about it last week
11:43 < bridge> <learath2> Well technically Tater still needs to PR is
11:43 < bridge> <learath2> Well technically Tater still needs to PR it
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> Well technically he doesn't have to, since everything is running unde GPL3, but this would be a dick move
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> Well technically he doesn't have to, since everything is running under GPL3, but this would be a dick move
11:45 < bridge> <Assa> Well technically he doesn't have to (and somebody else does it), since everything is running under GPL3, but this would be a dick move
11:45 < bridge> <learath2> I think he is the one that came up with it, I'd rather he gets the commit credit for it. If he doesn't care for it then someone else can add it too
11:45 < bridge> <Assa> @totar :owo:
11:46 < bridge> <learath2> Is tclient gpl3? ddnet is zlib with our binary releases being gplv2
11:46 < bridge> <totar> I didn't define a license other than explcitly granting the upstream repo to use any code without permission
11:47 < bridge> <Assa> then you technically broke license law afait
11:47 < bridge> <totar> in what way
11:47 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/8f16118425afe2c4c34736c0f22f43bde654d37d/license.txt#L19
11:48 < bridge> <learath2> Well feel free to PR fast input if you'd like to see it in the client
11:48 < bridge> <totar> I still have that license
11:48 < bridge> <Assa> then I didn't say anything :owo:
11:48 < bridge> <Assa> did you put your own code under no license or just add it to the repo?
11:48 < bridge> <Assa> this is important here
11:48 < bridge> <totar> idk the ddnet license confused me at the time I forked the project
11:48 < bridge> <totar> so I just didn't change anything
11:49 < bridge> <totar> why is it important?
11:49 < bridge> <Assa> then you published the tater client with the gplv3 license (assuming it's on github)
11:49 < bridge> <totar> where does the gplv3 come from
11:49 < bridge> <Assa> teeworlds
11:50 < bridge> <totar> I can license the code I wrote under whatever I want
11:50 < bridge> <learath2> teeworlds isn't gplv3, it's also zlib
11:50 < bridge> <kebscs> How does the license work that even new added files need to have shareef as owner at the top?
11:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> i gave my thumbs up now,
11:51 < bridge> <learath2> unless they relicensed it for 0.7
11:51 < bridge> <Assa> technically everything you add to the repo falls under the current contained license. You can switch the license to another one, then new code falls under the new license
11:51 < bridge> <Assa> but if sb clones your project from the old license, and the old license allows it, it's legal
11:51 < bridge> <Assa> even if the new license forbids it
11:52 < bridge> <totar> you can license code that you've written as any extra license you want
11:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> if more ppl use tclient than ddnet i think ddnet is missing out on something
11:52 < bridge> <Assa> you can also write at the top of each file author and license and it's licensed that way than
11:52 < bridge> <learath2> this is not very clear btw, that's why some projects explicitly require you to sign a contributor agreement
11:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> (i say this cuz i saw some gores post about tclient over ddnet)
11:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> but well im no maintainer so u can ignore me
11:52 < bridge> <Assa> which we don't have
11:53 < bridge> <totar> ok KoG it's the most popular client but I expect that's not the case for ddnet, there's simply not enough downloads for that to be the case
11:53 < bridge> <totar> on KoG it's the most popular client but I expect that's not the case for ddnet, there's simply not enough downloads for that to be the case
11:53 < bridge> <kebscs> Yea saw that too, was surprised
11:53 < bridge> <learath2> yeah, so if someone wanted to be extremely annoying, they could try to rescind their contributions, then we'd decline, then they could sue, which idk which way it'd go because at the very least there didn't use to be precedent
11:53 < bridge> <kebscs> And I don't see a lot of improvements expect fast input
11:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> some projects require u to bring a firmed letter from ur employer that ur code is licensed under the repo license, this is because some ppl have inj their contracts that all their code is company property even in free time, and if not stated it can be vague, gnu projects require this
11:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> some projects require u to bring a signed letter from ur employer that ur code is licensed under the repo license, this is because some ppl have inj their contracts that all their code is company property even in free time, and if not stated it can be vague, gnu projects require this
11:54 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, this is very annoying too, I think it's also one of the reasons matricks kinda stopped working on teeworlds iirc. His employer had a clause like that at the time
11:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah in ddnet hard cuz ddnet ha ssteam visibility but the point stands imho
11:55 < bridge> <kebscs> Makes sense, idk how easy it is to just switch the license without legal problems or smth
11:55 < bridge> <totar> https://tooomm.github.io/github-release-stats/?username=sjrc6&repository=TaterClient-ddnet
11:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> u know where i saw this written in detail? in osdev wiki about licensing ur kernel xd
11:55 < bridge> <kebscs> 13k every version is good
11:55 < bridge> <Assa> I open sourced a project at work and had to give my employer the rights of this work (even if it's open source licensed), because it was made at work and not at home and I was technically paid for it
11:55 < bridge> <kebscs> Very nice
11:56 < bridge> <totar> thanks :)
11:56 < bridge> <kebscs> Is this website accurate?
11:56 < bridge> <totar> I assume yes
11:56 < bridge> <totar> I think it pulls directly from github
11:57 < bridge> <totar> I remember there was a way you could get this info somewhere on github but it's not as nice
11:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye, but some contracts extend this to free off work time
11:57 < bridge> <Assa> you forget, that most people probably installed both clients and some only have steam releases to work with. I assume tater client has no steam page?
11:57 < bridge> <kebscs> Thought my project would have more downloads since it had a lot of traffic on github stats
11:57 < bridge> <kebscs> But that website shows 100k so idk
11:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> what project
11:58 < bridge> <Assa> I think this would be illegal here; imagine my company now owns some part of ddnet :kek:
11:58 < bridge> <kebscs> Kbotext
11:59 < bridge> <learath2> don't most clients just use our app id to show up on steam?
11:59 < bridge> <Assa> This would certainly not be the case, because ddnet is really not work related
11:59 < bridge> <kebscs> With how popular it is, and it brought 1k discord members in no time, the website shows 8k downloads
11:59 < bridge> <kebscs> With how popular it is, and it brought 1k discord members in no time, the website shows 8k downloads for latest rls
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> When you are under employment contract, the code you write during office hours is usually owned by those paying your salary, unless your contract explicitly says otherwise.
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> In some countries[which?], a working contract could encompass all the work you do in a certain field of knowledge, as long as the contract is valid, and sometimes even beyond that. That means that, if you are hired to write code at day, the code you write after office hours at home might also be legal property of your employer, the reasoning being that, since your employer paid you for working (and gaining experience) in a certain field, that exper
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> This might sound strange to you, outrageous even. But you really should have a talk with your superior. At best, your superior will see that you really are a dedicated software engineer, happy about having such an enthusiastic individual under contract, and tell you to go ahead with your spare-time project. At worst, you will be told that you cannot work on that project - before you have churned out 10k lines of source code and been sued by your em
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
11:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> This is not a joke, or something to be taken lightly. You could lose your job, and a fortune in money on top of that, should your employer play it rough and sue you for breach of contract. The Free Software Foundation requires you to present papers signed by your superiors before accepting your code submissions, and they don't do so because they enjoy bureaucracy.
11:59 < bridge> <totar> btw if it wasn't clear, I'm granting a full rights license for any code I've published to tclient to the ddnet organization, who can publish it under whatever license it wants.
12:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> put that in gh
12:00 < bridge> <learath2> I think you don't even need to say this unless you have anything special changed with your license on your fork. The zlib license pretty much allows anyone and everyone to yoink it
12:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://wiki.osdev.org/Licensing
12:01 < bridge> <learath2> @essigautomat btw where did you come up with gplv3? I don't think any teeworlds based project has ever been under gplv3 üòÑ
12:01 < bridge> <learath2> I can only think of our binary releases being gplv2
12:01 < bridge> <Assa> as I said, ddnet is not work related. If the company says "I thought you C++" I'd sue.
12:02 < bridge> <Assa> as I said, ddnet is not work related. If the company says "I taught you C++" I'd sue.
12:03 < bridge> <Assa> I think i have it wrong in my head, I released a lot under gplv3
12:03 < bridge> <Assa> like "no warranty, you can't sue me, but you need to put your code open source as well if you use mine"
12:04 < bridge> <totar> that's fine then üòä
12:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> im just saying it as info
12:04 < bridge> <learath2> I think this is very dependent on the jurisdiction btw, a lot of them limit what you can as the employer claim
12:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> but this is mostly american probs
12:04 < bridge> <0xdeen> Even if it's representative I don't think it's good. It will just be an average opinion and you end up with an average game. If there is a vision, you can make something great.
12:04 < bridge> <Assa> country of "freedom"
12:05 < bridge> <totar> my contract says literally nothing about ownership of code I write for other purposes. I think even during work hours if I write code for something else I would still own it.
12:05 < bridge> <totar> I was surprised
12:05 < bridge> <kebscs> "representative sample of the playerbase" isn't just the people on discord server?
12:06 < bridge> <learath2> I bet it would be completely illegal in the EU to make you sign some of the things that US companies make you sign
12:06 < bridge> <Assa> it is.
12:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> mine says smth about not competing in same field and not going to another company thats considered competition, but they have to give me a bonus in salary for that afaik, and i dont see it stated explicitly at my payroll so maybe it doesnt even hold
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> regarldess if i ever release my kernel ill wipe all git logs and set it to something silly
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> just in case
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> or maybe anonymous release
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> ez
12:08 < bridge> <learath2> this might be one of the few things the US is ahead on, the FTC iirc banned non-competes
12:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> (i probs wont do anything remotely useful but i already have 12k lines of code)
12:09 < bridge> <Assa> mine only has a clause, that I need to follow the scientific practice (lol)
12:09 < bridge> <pilonpl> Surely in sane countries that's not a valid contract?? I think it only makes sense if your work somehow hurts the company but even then i think it applies only for a specific amount of time.
12:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah but a contract can say lot of stuff and employees might believe it, companies are alloweed to write nything but what matters is if it holds in court
12:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> and i bet they usually would lose
12:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> anyway im on friendly terms with my company this is just legal assurance
12:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
12:10 < bridge> <pilonpl> Typical issue, you might be right but the rich has a huge advantage
12:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> well luckily having a legal battle in eu is cheaper than us
12:12 < bridge> <kebscs> What's wrong with non-competes? imo it's logical that you don't want your employer to share stuff directly to the competition
12:13 < bridge> <totar> competition is good for the market
12:13 < bridge> <kebscs> Yea but this is like sharing secrets
12:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> no
12:13 < bridge> <totar> obviously sharing WHILE you're working for the company I think is still banned
12:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> there is NDA and there is non compete
12:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ur always under a NDA
12:14 < bridge> <totar> that too
12:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> ucant leak company secrets never iirc
12:14 < bridge> <learath2> The FTC argued that it's keeping wages down, and stifles innovation
12:14 < bridge> <totar> which is pretty obviously true if you think about it for 2 seocnds
12:14 < bridge> <totar> which is pretty obviously true if you think about it for 2 seconds
12:15 < bridge> <pilonpl> Honestly it's hard to tell
12:15 < bridge> <pilonpl> It costs money to develop anything so it's necessary in some way to prevent others from stealing it
12:15 < bridge> <kebscs> For people probably it's better, for employers not so much
12:15 < bridge> <learath2> Non-competes are banned, not non-disclosures, nor are you exempt from copyright law
12:15 < bridge> <learath2> You can't just steal stuff
12:16 < bridge> <totar> even though this is written on paper usually poaching people from another company somehow allows them to create very similar product. I think in practice if you can't prove that they stole the secrets there's still lots of secret stealing
12:16 < bridge> <learath2> The biggest issue with it is probably stealing stuff like customer lists
12:17 < bridge> <learath2> If you can compete in the same market, you can call up your old clients from the old company and undercut your old company given you know their margins and overheads
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> ofc, its all hard to prove
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> forexample if i have a rly good backend idea that speedsu p things
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is not public ever
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> if i go another company and impl it
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> its never user facing
12:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> ppl would just notice app faster
12:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> but u cant proof i stole it
12:19 < bridge> <totar> also smart people will figure out a way to do it slightly differently but accomplishes the same thing if it really matters
12:19 < bridge> <pilonpl> So maybe it should just be the risk you take as a company?
12:20 < bridge> <learath2> tbh I guess none of this legislation was envisioned with stuff like software in mind, it's all ancient stuff dealing with things like patents on physical inventions
12:20 < bridge> <pilonpl> You can always try to keep employees who could possibly know a lot of stuff about what made your product successful
12:20 < bridge> <pilonpl> Pay them more or something idk
12:20 < bridge> <learath2> That's what they do
12:20 < bridge> <pilonpl> Maybe this is was never a real issue to begin with
12:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> ofc, this is why meta pays 100M to some employees
12:21 < bridge> <pilonpl> Maybe this was never a real issue to begin with
12:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> i saw one get into meta ai labs with that amounyt
12:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> amount*
12:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> some ppl value is extremely high
12:21 < bridge> <totar> my dad is listed as inventor for many things that are basically software patents, it's always funny they have to define a huge setup where it's like a machine that performs the software in order to patent it.
12:21 < bridge> <learath2> top AI people get silly amounts of money
12:22 < bridge> <learath2> Did you ever see patents for game mechanics? Pokemons capture thing is quite funny too
12:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.reddit.com/r/Salary/comments/1m8nonn/metas_facebook_superintelligence_team_leaked_all/
12:22 < bridge> <totar> I don't think I've seen that one in particular
12:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> Meta's (Facebook) Superintelligence Team leaked, all making $10 million plus yearly, with $100M first year for some.
12:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408033538598633482/vd5mc4ksmxef1.png?ex=68a844eb&is=68a6f36b&hm=d0b93c0985c2cf7afbda71cc1b60943da598885ecb2232c2be4d0fa7d85a6626&
12:22 < bridge> <learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408033593124454481/poke1.png?ex=68a844f8&is=68a6f378&hm=3f89e0e066f08cf3018734e1282a15599371b3b232fdd761f1ecb01e2126939a&
12:22 < bridge> <totar> didn't someone get $1B over 4 years or something?
12:23 < bridge> <totar> nice drawings
12:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is for the top top top 0.1% ppl on the ai field
12:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> and since  ai is moving the money todays world
12:23 < bridge> <learath2> maybe I should do a quick phd in ai stuff, godamn
12:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> most of these ppl worked at openai before
12:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> u also need track
12:24 < bridge> <totar> + almost all have PhDs
12:24 < bridge> <kebscs> Remember metaverse?
12:24 < bridge> <totar> basically a requirement
12:24 < bridge> <pilonpl> You could create the most advanced DDNet bot ever
12:24 < bridge> <pilonpl> AI Dummy
12:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> Which would behave like a human player
12:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> It's totally possible with today's technology, it's just that no one wants to make it
12:25 < bridge> <learath2> Also being Chinese seems to be a requirement too
12:26 < bridge> <learath2> Almos all the Americans on there are business/management people üòÑ
12:26 < bridge> <learath2> Almost all the Americans on there are business/management people üòÑ
12:26 < bridge> <totar> there's a lot of people in China, it's not fair
12:27 < bridge> <totar> also they promote research a lot
12:27 < bridge> <pilonpl> There are too many people in the world, even with a bit of luck competing with 8 billion people is not easy
12:27 < bridge> <learath2> btw there are some on there with very low YoE too, maybe it is possible still to get in üòÑ
12:28 < bridge> <totar> it's funny they have 2 Russians as well. for some reason I among the mosted skilled game devs I often see russians.
12:28 < bridge> <totar> it's funny they have 2 Russians as well. for some reason  among the most skilled game devs I often see russians.
12:28 < bridge> <totar> it's funny they have 2 Russians as well. for some reason among the most skilled game devs I often see russians.
12:31 < bridge> <totar> I bet if you search them on google there will be some groundbreaking paper with their name on it
12:31 < bridge> <totar> or they're just trying to steal openai secrets directly
12:33 < bridge> <learath2> Checked one, there is no way I even come close to understanding the name of these articles
12:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> John Carmack was american
12:33 < bridge> <learath2> "Transformer-based neural text generation with syntactic guidance" this sounds rather interesting, but idk if it's groundbreaking
12:33 < bridge> <totar> one of the two 0 YoE is author on Lora https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=aHtfItQAAAAJ&hl=en
12:33 < bridge> <totar> 18000 citation counts for some YoE I guess
12:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://docs.rs/bytemuck/latest/bytemuck/trait.Pod.html
12:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> i love this crate
12:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> im using it to have pod for data like fat32 boot info table and fsinfo
12:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> i got ahci working
12:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408036772478455838/image.png?ex=68a847ee&is=68a6f66e&hm=0aa70ec98174c6fcf7657f957bbf8bc5915b98d6765f1fcbaa3f860fae72001a&
12:37 < bridge> <chairn> i don't see any salary in there
12:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye its just ppl
12:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i should rework my malloc, it uses brk because ididnt have mmap yet, now i have mmap
12:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @ryozuki "but well im no maintainer so u can ignore me" mood
12:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i also should have a pool of dma allocations instead of allocating one on each read write
12:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** such off topic channel 
13:09 < bridge> <bosasha> Please advise how to assemble a tee skin from a skin file.
13:09 < bridge> <bosasha> —Ö–æ—á—É –ø–æ–ª—É—á–∞—Ç—å —Ç–∏–ø–æ —ç—Ç–æ–≥–æ
13:09 < bridge> <bosasha> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408045450417799188/image.png?ex=68a85003&is=68a6fe83&hm=1ce91dee0d41928f11f21f50e38df1f5d88254e04b97993912c2d329db25b240&
13:10 < bridge> <bosasha> I want to receive something like this
13:10 < bridge> <bosasha> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408045450417799188/image.png?ex=68a85003&is=68a6fe83&hm=1ce91dee0d41928f11f21f50e38df1f5d88254e04b97993912c2d329db25b240&
13:13 < bridge> <kebscs> <https://github.com/KebsCS/ddnet/blob/449db88d287ef59a63ea912ea8a005324d136773/src/game/client/render.cpp#L484>
13:17 < bridge> <Assa> this is not very helpful, there is a website that can render a skin when you upload it
13:17 < bridge> <kebscs> yea, thats the website <https://teedata.net/skin-renderer>
13:17 < bridge> <kebscs> but he asked in the dev channel
13:18 < bridge> <kebscs> so code was the first thing that came to my mind
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> a lot of people ask in the dev channel for some reasons
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> maybe because here are all the smart nerds who know what to do and know how to help them
13:19 < bridge> <kebscs> ü§ì
13:19 < bridge> <kebscs> real real
13:19 < bridge> <kollpotato> no because its the first channel u can write in
13:20 < bridge> <Assa> really? :pepeW:
13:20 < bridge> <kollpotato> yeah most people dont care where they write
13:20 < bridge> <Assa> maybe we should move tickets to the top then
13:20 < bridge> <kollpotato> most questions should go into #questions, but they dont know it exists
13:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> we cant, admins can
13:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> where a louis
13:21 < bridge> <Assa> we, as in, we the people of this community
13:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> community relies on admins
13:22 < bridge> <bosasha> nice thx
13:22 < bridge> <kollpotato> xd
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> @louis.place very friendly reminder, that we are all waiting for the glorious targets to come into existance :brownbear:
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> xD
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> okay 1 : 0 for kebs
13:23 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
13:24 < bridge> <Assa> if I klick on his profile, he is working in VSCode on a skin renderer for his website
13:24 < bridge> <Assa> I am pretty sure a module for this exists already
13:26 < bridge> <kollpotato> klick?
13:27 < bridge> <kollpotato> obviously the correct spelling is klik
13:29 < bridge> <kollpotato> there are at least 3 existing skin renderers out there https://teedata.net/skin-renderer, https://teeassembler.developer.li/, https://l0lmanph.legtux.org/tw/tee_assembler/
13:29 < bridge> <kebscs> how do you find them
13:30 < bridge> <kollpotato> google skills
13:30 < bridge> <kollpotato> "teeworlds skin renderer", "teeworlds skin assembler"
13:43 < bridge> <kebscs> fast input approved and 3 maintainers commenting on the issue??
13:43 < bridge> <kebscs> bullying works üòÇ
13:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fr fr
13:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I dont like the current state that everything is stale until maintainers get spammed. But that is how it is currently.
13:46 < bridge> <kollpotato> quic quic quic quic
14:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Why the hell should fast input not be optional and default off xD
14:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chiller if you merge a non optional fast input i cry :lol:
14:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I have the feeling only tater and me even understand the feature xD
14:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and teero probs too
14:03 < bridge> <melon> hey! I understand it
14:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Default off, nothing else gets merged!
14:04 < bridge> <melon> @ceogran is that a bot.
14:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No, he spent the last 50 years to spam emoji reactions on discord
14:04 < bridge> <kollpotato> no he is just fast af
14:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> You can do fast reactions if you hold shift while the reaction menu is up
14:05 < bridge> <melon> .......
14:05 < bridge> <chairn> TIL
14:05 < bridge> <melon> Am I the only person who's read #welcome :pepeW:
14:06 < bridge> <melon> Developer was clean when Heinrich was here :pepecry:
14:06 < bridge> <jxsl13> time to initiate the purge
14:07 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> oh yeah, purge me daddy
14:07 < bridge> <chairn> #developer has always been #off-topic for @Developer
14:08 < bridge> <jxsl13> *bans risu*
14:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> spamming reactions?
14:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats obscene!!
14:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Jupstar ‚ú™ noted, i totally agree with you. And value your opinion on this way more than heinrichs. Fast input will be off by default.
14:51 < bridge> <learath2> Well duh, obviously no one really understands it
14:51 < bridge> <learath2> Understanding it takes actual thinking, "fast" sounds good to me
14:51 < bridge> <learath2> Ship it
14:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lerato go finish some insane gores
14:53 < bridge> <learath2> No need, it's simple logic really, "slow" input would be bad, therefore "fast" input must be good
14:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 when merge all my prs?
14:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** 19 left
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon is it `ivec2 m_Maxima;` `ivec2 m_vMaxima;` or `ivec2 m_aMaxima;`?
14:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** m_Maxima
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> but it's a vector
14:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** v is for ``std::vector``
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> with operator[]
14:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** v for vendetta
14:54 < bridge> <learath2> You should put good adjectives before your PR titles. For example try, "Implement good client side profanity filter" and "Add epic 128 player support"
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> I did it correctly, but only by luck
14:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 like fast input?
14:55 < bridge> <learath2> Exactly, very easy to understand that one. It's regular input, but fast
14:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** noted
14:56 < bridge> <kebscs> i like Feature: Implement quad clustering ‚ö°
14:56 < bridge> <kebscs> ‚ö°‚ö°‚ö°
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> I use boring workds like :"Refactor:", "Clean up:", "Bug fix:", "Feature:"
14:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** trump ah prs. GREAT input flag
14:56 < bridge> <learath2> Try a rocket emoji or a fire emoji instead
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> go test it and you know why the zap is there üòÑ
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> exactly, because gpu on fire
14:57 < bridge> <kebscs> i get 1k fps doesnt really matter if i get more
14:57 < bridge> <kebscs> i have a lot fps to spare for new features
14:58 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs I also like this one: #4523
14:58 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/4523
14:58 < bridge> <kebscs> 2021 üë¥
14:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>**
14:58 < ws-client> https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/20344300/480510452-0d7dbe5d-ac42-4ade-9e6a-8191f7858291.png?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NTU3ODE0MTcsIm5iZiI6MTc1NTc4MTExNywicGF0aCI6Ii8yMDM0NDMwMC80ODA1MTA0NTItMGQ3ZGJlNWQtYWM0Mi00YWRlLTllNmEtODE5MWY3ODU4MjkxLnBuZz9YLUFtei1BbGdvcml0aG09QVdTNC1ITUFDLVNIQTI1NiZYLUFtei1
14:58 < ws-client> DcmVkZW50aWFsPUFLSUFWQ09EWUxTQTUzUFFLNFpBJTJGMjAyNTA4MjElMkZ1cy1lYXN0LTElMkZzMyUyRmF3czRfcmVxdWVzdCZYLUFtei1EYXRlPTIwMjUwODIxVDEyNTgzN1omWC1BbXotRXhwaXJlcz0zMDAmWC1BbXotU2lnbmF0dXJlPWZjZmVlZmNmZWM3NjI1NGJkMjYwN2QyNTY5MTk3MzdlNDhkZTc1Y2NkZjRhNjE5NzgyMmJjMzA3OWY0NDExNzYmWC1BbXotU2lnbmVkSGVhZGVycz1ob3N0In0.iGX1p7hooaA3INh2qamwd188QEmkRDRM5WToDzummoI
14:58 < bridge> <Assa> but your gpu does less if you cap your fps, so you have more power to render  "other videos" on the other monitor
14:59 < bridge> <learath2> That link though
14:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
14:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> XDDDDDDDD
14:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
14:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Sad but honestly so true.. Normal management talking
14:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** probably has my github credentials in there somewhere
14:59 < bridge> <kebscs> no cap
14:59 < bridge> <kebscs> bigger number
15:00 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: thanks for your github account
15:00 < bridge> <learath2> If you use mongodb I merge quicker
15:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat ono
15:00 < bridge> <learath2> Idk what that jwt is for but it might actually be for your entire account
15:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yikes
15:00 < bridge> <Assa> "Implement Amazing rendering, FPS go BRRR üìà "
15:01 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408073622081245184/image.png?ex=68a86a40&is=68a718c0&hm=649e437c10304ce5a80d07f287af3d862730337b42ce087aa8feb57452a045ce&
15:01 < bridge> <learath2> and inside the pr text, try to use absolute figures, and don't give any baselines
15:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs yea idk? am i in trouble?
15:02 < bridge> <Assa> as I already said to robyt, no point in making benchmarks on a draft, if the based upon PR is not merged
15:03 < bridge> <kebscs> probably no
15:03 < bridge> <Assa> emperical benchmarks it is
15:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i may or may not have nudes on my github
15:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am in serious trouble if my github gets cracked i just realized
15:06 < bridge> <Assa> why don't you host your own home cloud like a reasonable dev
15:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont want to end up like ryo deleting my own backups
15:07 < bridge> <Assa> then don't make any :p
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** smart
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** cant lose backups if you dont have any
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** üß†
15:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa also lets be honest microsoft has probably better security than my own cloud x
15:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I assume that jwt is smartly tied to my location, cookies or device smh
15:10 < bridge> <Assa> yeah only the admins, and the ai that trains on your data has access
15:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
15:11 < bridge> <Assa> oh and the antivirus
15:11 < bridge> <Assa> my cloud has military grade security (SSL/TLS üòÆ )
15:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i hope chatgpt doesnt dox me since its trained on my private secrets
15:12 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> can someone help me with it ?
15:12 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408076233375223889/image.png?ex=68a86cae&is=68a71b2e&hm=fd3fe8ae775a704b2e34e80e119f3055effcf05071ae145593cfe1ac57d8a872&
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i tried to get it to leak closed source code before
15:12 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> oh wait its on german xD
15:12 < bridge> <Assa> you are missing ddls in your ddnet directory
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ja schnitzel
15:12 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> where i can download it
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @osamabinballin5636 how does the folder look like where your DDNet.exe is?
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://ddnet.org/downloads/
15:13 < bridge> <Assa> dir fehlen die DLLs, hast du einen neuen client einfach in den download ordner gezogen? ^ nicht nur den client kopieren, auch die DLLs
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe your antivirus deleted the ddl? <:tee_thinking:478629518358085653>
15:13 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> you mean this?
15:13 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408076493707411587/image.png?ex=68a86cec&is=68a71b6c&hm=27aea84f69837ecc0f1f55daca41575b89308eafa275234e10048ad46a7c61d4&
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa $english
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes @osamabinballin5636 
15:13 < bridge> <Assa> yeye i am just helping
15:13 < bridge> <Assa> go call the police
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see plenty of ddls
15:13 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> ne wollte tats√§chlich discord komplett l√∂schen wusste ned das ddnet ne datei hat namens discord xD
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** dlls
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @osamabinballin5636 based
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** discord hater
15:14 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> sE
15:14 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> xD
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** was hast du gemacht? alle datein mit discord im namen gel√∂scht? xd
15:14 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> ok reinstall it but what is with the config?
15:14 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> ja xD
15:14 < bridge> <Assa> yeah ddnet has a discord integration :kek:
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its in %APPDATA%
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** should be save
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also you dont have to delete the old to get a new
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just slap a new folder next to it
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or even just copy paste the discord dll from the new one into your old
15:15 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> also kann ich denn ordner l√∂schen die einstellungen bleiben hauptsache ich l√∂sch nix in appdata?
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** vermutlich
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** au√üer du hast custom sachen in deinen ordner gepackt
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> ls -r /* | grep "discord | <somthing somthing xarg | rm -rf $file
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wie zb skins oder so
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> ls -r /* | grep "discord" | <somthing somthing xarg | rm -rf $file
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> ls -r /* | grep "discord" | <somthing somthing xarg> | rm -rf $file
15:15 < bridge> <osamabinballin5636> ne geht nur um sens usw
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** die sollte(tm) save sein
15:25 < bridge> <kollpotato> fast input is not placebo
15:25 < bridge> <kollpotato> i can confirm
15:34 < bridge> <teero777> chillerdragon can you remove the max 1 week limit of !remind?
15:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It 100% isnt placebo, it gives up to 20ms faster response
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Feedback*
15:35 < bridge> <kollpotato> yes
15:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Who said it is?
15:35 < bridge> <kollpotato> learath was sure it was placebo
15:35 < bridge> <teero777> ?? bro how can it be placebo if there is a difference
15:35 < bridge> <teero777> fast input is basically a must for gorss
15:36 < bridge> <teero777> fast input is basically a must for gores
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Ok ok chill
15:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> he doesnt play the game
15:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> he cant know
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It Haas e pros and cons
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> He's admin
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It Has pros and cons
15:36 < bridge> <teero777> right, admins are forbidden from playing I forgot
15:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Exactly
15:37 < bridge> <teero777> just be inactive as fuck and they will throw the admin role at you
15:37 < bridge> <teero777> I think jupstar might almost qualify
15:37 < bridge> <teero777> Just a bit more
15:44 < bridge> <lomination> Well, a placebo makes a difference, otherwise it's not called placebo but useless
15:45 < bridge> <teero777> placebo means that there is no literal difference but you perceive one.
15:50 < bridge> <lomination> Aren't you better if you believe that you are better?
15:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @ryozuki @teero777 complained about the 1 week limit. What are your thoughts?
15:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I actually like the limit because i eventually restart the bot. Maybe saving reminders to disk should be done before increasing the limit
15:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> he is talking with a deen
15:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> trying to recover wiki
15:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> u cant see the channel
16:12 < bridge> <Assa> I'd write them in an sqlite tbh
16:12 < bridge> <Assa> and I would not add reminders if the time is over the limit
16:12 < bridge> <Assa> instead print an error message or something
16:13 < bridge> <kollpotato> the bot is written in js so shall it be in json
16:14 < bridge> <Assa> something something local file storage
16:14 < bridge> <kollpotato> csv the best
16:15 < bridge> <Assa> then I put "!remind 10 don't forget to add , and ; to file" and see how your csv holds
16:16 < bridge> <kollpotato> escape with json.stringify
16:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Has to be webscale
16:16 < bridge> <Assa> I did machine learning for an antigen company and they had data like that, csv is aweful
16:16 < bridge> <Assa> I did machine learning for an antigen company and they had data like that, csv can be aweful
16:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> sqlite > rest
16:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> hot take
17:00 < bridge> <learath2> I love how all of you are going off on me as if it's the most obvious thing on earth that one fiftieth of a second is a noticable delay. Sorry for questioning your obviously completely objective experience of reality
17:01 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> fiftieths of a second add up
17:01 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> also that's more than a frame even on a cheapo display, obviously that's noticeable
17:02 < bridge> <learath2> That's assuming every input happens at the worst possible timing. In reality it'll be one one hundreths of a second on average
17:03 < bridge> <triki> sad( msg deleted ig cus included screen.
17:03 < bridge> <triki> sad( msg deleted ig cus included screen.and i lost all my text(
17:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> i lost all the wiki, u will be fine
17:04 < bridge> <triki> backup?
17:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
17:04 < bridge> <louis> rip
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** there a louis!
17:05 < bridge> <louis> do u have full drive backups from ur hosting service
17:05 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> green louis is scary
17:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> what do you mean, you lost the wiki?
17:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> D:
17:05 < bridge> <triki> backup? There are two types of people: those who back up and those who will
17:05 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> :jaouis:
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @jxsl13 missed the drama
17:06 < bridge> <jxsl13> I wrote the zCatch history from the top of my now empty head
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @jxsl13 ryozuki was playing Stronghold 2 and failed a simple hammerhit. Then someone sent the wiki link for hammerhit in the chat
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ryo went crashout
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and deleted the wiki
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** coping with his skill issue
17:06 < bridge> <triki> what about web archive?
17:06 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> The third kind of person is the one that accidentally breaks their backups
17:07 < bridge> <jxsl13> that cannot be real
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
17:07 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> xd
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @triki the backup was broken :/ 
17:07 < bridge> <learath2> Huh, how? What?
17:07 < bridge> <triki> but who use wiki? i never.
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lol
17:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont wanna explain again
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rip ryo
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ye they should read the chat log watafak
17:07 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> oopsie üòù
17:07 < bridge> <jxsl13> coping with stronghold 2 skill issues D:?
17:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats gonna stick
17:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i love it
17:08 < bridge> <triki> one time i tryed smth find on wiki but it was challenge.
17:08 < bridge> <triki> also one time i wanted create on wiki it was also challenge.
17:08 < bridge> <jxsl13> I don't even know what stronghold 2 is, except for the og rts game
17:08 < bridge> <learath2> It's ok. I'll truncate records_race and no one will even remember what you did to the wiki
17:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> pls do
17:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> i wanna bury my head
17:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:09 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> do you not actually play DDNet?
17:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> i have not played teeworlds for like 5 years
17:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://ddnet.org/mappreview/?map=Stronghold+2
17:09 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yo that's crazy
17:09 < bridge> <louis> it could be worse, at least u still have the images and gifs which is honestly 60% of the work done
17:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 tldr is i upgraded debian 13, somehow the mediawiki instance inside docker says db is read only mode, i hought my backups worked but they didnt for a year cuz a tool renamed from mysqldump to mariadb-dump
17:09 < bridge> <jxsl13> and I never really played ddrace
17:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> and i wanted to test stuff with the assumption of the backup
17:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> and i dropped the db
17:10 < bridge> <jxsl13> zCatch main >:D
17:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> yes im smort
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @jxsl13 "i have not played teeworlds for like 5 years"
17:10 < bridge> <learath2> Guess you atleast acquired a valuable lesson. Always verify your backups are up to date, never assume üòõ
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** are you planning to become ddnet admin?
17:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> my only thought rn is i want to go and create a farm and live the farmer live, maybe with a computer to work on edos
17:10 < bridge> <jxsl13> I'm probably on a good way there
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nice
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** green jiggsel
17:11 < bridge> <jxsl13> kek
17:11 < bridge> <triki> so its mean only one. it will  reburn to better wiki where u can easily create pages with drag and drop and new feterues.
17:11 < bridge> <jxsl13> no vm snapshots?
17:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @ryozuki right now be like: https://youtu.be/b2F-DItXtZs?si=Nn4DQS79u_N5IqmK&t=156
17:12 < bridge> <triki> so its mean only one. it will  reburn to better wiki where u can easily create pages with drag and drop and new features.
17:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** farmlive
17:12 < bridge> <melon> can i join? farm sounds comfy
17:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> uhh let me check but i doubt cuz costs money
17:12 < bridge> <melon> @learath2 quick, make konsti admin so Ryo's incident isnt thought of anymore
17:12 < bridge> <jxsl13> there is not much fluctuation in the wiki, is there?
17:13 < bridge> <jxsl13> maybe a little bit is recoverable
17:13 < bridge> <melon> cammodude rewrote the entire wiki page a few days ago and kept on saying how annoying it is
17:13 < bridge> <melon> XD
17:13 < bridge> <melon> cammodude rewrote the entire wiki page for the editor* a few days ago and kept on saying how annoying it is
17:13 < bridge> <learath2> I'll give my green name away to sp someone
17:13 < bridge> <triki> ye its painfull
17:13 < bridge> <melon> cant blame ya, i would do the same
17:13 < bridge> <triki> ye its painfull
17:13 < bridge> <Assa> give him an award or something
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** !wiki
17:15 < chillerbot> dead, tldr is ryo upgraded debian 13, somehow the mediawiki instance inside docker says db is read only mode, ryo thought backups worked but they didnt for a year cuz a tool renamed from mysqldump to mariadb-dump
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i have the feeling this will come in handy soon
17:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> if we recover smth im will to pass on the responsability to host the wiki
17:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> this stress is not for me
17:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rip ryo grew gray hair over this
17:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> if we recover smth im willing to pass on the responsability to host the wiki
17:16 < bridge> <jxsl13> restic
17:16 < bridge> <jxsl13> rsync
17:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> its obvious im not a good sysadmin
17:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> im just a kernel dev
17:17 < bridge> <learath2> I honestly thought we were hosting it and you were just managing it
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> nope
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> im paying my money
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> u dont list it in funding tho
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> i host it on my dedi server wiht other stuff
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> 45‚Ç¨ month
17:17 < bridge> <louis> ü§ë
17:17 < bridge> <jxsl13> how heavy weight is the wiki itself?
17:17 < bridge> <melon> @louis.place take over wiki, you got this!
17:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> the wiki probs just can run with a 5‚Ç¨ vps tho
17:17 < bridge> <Assa> why is it so expensive?
17:18 < bridge> <Assa> like does it need a lot of resources?
17:18 < bridge> <learath2> Tbh I thought it was running on a 5‚Ç¨ vps üòÑ
17:18 < bridge> <melon> my private VPS is decently expensive too, i'm hosting so much stuff on it xd
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408107954363830422/image.png?ex=68a88a39&is=68a738b9&hm=c54b6312ff9086a10d880f94e25a30837a978b38e0ce1b26ecd05d92c43b0d1b&
17:18 < bridge> <melon> THATS YOUR VPS?!
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye
17:18 < bridge> <melon> gg hetzner is ripping me off
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> ?
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> im paying 46 or smth
17:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> and it had a setup cost iirc
17:19 < bridge> <learath2> That is probably a dedicated server no?
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> but i have unlimited bandwidth
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> yes
17:19 < bridge> <Assa> I am paying 1 ‚Ç¨ per month + whatever power supply costs
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> AX41-NVMe
17:19 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, that would be one thicc vps
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> the mysql db wiki uses
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> i gave it 10gb ram
17:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> it never used it tho xd
17:20 < bridge> <learath2> It now uses 0gb. Optimized
17:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> indeed
17:20 < bridge> <jxsl13> ü´†
17:21 < bridge> <melon> :catlove:
17:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> [cat_uwu](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1230626195649990696.webp?size=48&name=cat_uwu)
17:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> let's move from wiki to a markdown based approach with hugo as generator with the files being fetched from github üëÄ
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 that "I'll give my green name away to sp someone" quote made it into my github profile xd
17:23 < bridge> <Assa> @ryozuki what are the required resources for the wiki and do you need a ddos protection?
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> ddos is ez, cloudflare
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> deen points the wiki domain to my ip
17:23 < bridge> <learath2> He is way better equipped to deal with the way people treat us
17:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.f7728b1f-f3cf-4d2e-b4f4-6d522669fa70.png
17:23 < bridge> <Assa> ah deen has this already ye ok
17:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** new forum signature
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk, search mediawiki, altho i had enhanced the search with elasticsearch, known to be ram hogg
17:24 < bridge> <learath2> It can literally run on a toaster. That's probably what we'd move it to if Ryozuki actually doesn't want to host it anymore
17:24 < bridge> <jxsl13> rip, the fancy stuff
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** where a sp someone
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i need a sp someone
17:24 < bridge> <jxsl13> elastic search
17:24 < bridge> <Assa> I believed you can give some stats, like avg/high user counts ram usage, cpu capacity needed and stuff ._.
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** stepping down as maintainer
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** stepping down as wiki maintainer
17:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> how? no wiki
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ono
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** whats next
17:25 < bridge> <Assa> stats from the past üèéÔ∏è üî•
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> at the end its a stupid php app with mysql and php cache and plugins
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> and it doesnt have a plugin manager
17:25 < bridge> <kollpotato> chillerdragon: next is Teeworlds 0.8
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** logic
17:25 < bridge> <Assa> I believe my fridge has enough space for the wiki
17:25 < bridge> <learath2> So do we have any way to recover anything? @ryozuki
17:25 < bridge> <Assa> it never had downtime
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 check wiki channel
17:25 < bridge> <Assa> it never has downtime
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> im dd ing disk to my home server
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill run extrecover
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> but probs no
17:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 heinrich has some backups from 2024
17:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> i have a backup from 2023
17:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> i can send it to u
17:26 < bridge> <Assa> and whatever we can save in the archive
17:26 < bridge> <Assa> and whatever we can save from the archive
17:26 < bridge> <learath2> If heinrich has 2024 we can work with that I guess. How do we know he only has 2024 and not something more recent?
17:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> because i have all from 2025, they suffer from the issue i told u
17:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> the .sql file is literally a cli error message
17:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:28 < bridge> <jxsl13> pipe stderr
17:28 < bridge> <jxsl13> :'/
17:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> cat database.sql
17:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> OCI runtime exec failed: exec failed: unable to start container process: exec: "/usr/bin/mysqldump": stat /usr/bin/mysqldump: no such file or directory: unknown
17:28 < bridge> <learath2> :Sadge:
17:29 < bridge> <learath2> I wonder how much work was lost, was 2025 very active?
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the exit code of the backup creation wasnt checked? <:tee_thinking:478629518358085653>
17:29 < bridge> <Assa> I made a few pages in 2025, namely the automapper one
17:29 < bridge> <jxsl13> set -e
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 2025 also known as the year of the wiki
17:29 < bridge> <Assa> but this one is present in the internet archive so recoverable
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** "cammodude rewrote the entire wiki page for the editor* a few days ago and kept on saying how annoying it is"
17:30 < bridge> <learath2> So I guess we are writing a html to raw wiki parser to extract these from the archive üòõ
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ctrl+c ctrl+v ah parser
17:30 < bridge> <Assa> html to markdown and then use a docs server? :justatest:
17:31 < bridge> <Assa> ah i guess docs are not user friendly, wait they may be if we use github for it, i am too technical
17:31 < bridge> <Assa> average nouis wouldn't be able to do github wiki
17:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> :feelsbadman:
17:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408111307101573150/image.png?ex=68a88d59&is=68a73bd9&hm=2e93d0ce8a8d53bb15c9d63204bfb6e38267c2889d2c90c7575058d65829d216&
17:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> icuz i received mails a lot
17:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess
17:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> my own doom
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> the backup spits a lot of text
17:32 < bridge> <jxsl13> hm, timestamping + zipping needed
17:32 < bridge> <Assa> next time send yourself always mails, on succes, on fail, on santa clause exception
17:32 < bridge> <jxsl13> what's in backup.sh
17:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``|| send_mail`` needed
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> #!/bin/bash
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ./backup-db.sh
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ./backup-images.sh
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> name="wikibackup-$(date +"%Y-%m-%d")"
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> tar -cvf /backups/${name}.tar database.sql.xz images.tar.xz ../LocalSettings.php ../map_questions.php ../stack.yml ../deploy.sh ../favicon.ico ../uploads.ini
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:32 < bridge> <Assa> usually cron does this without send_mail @chillerdragon
17:33 < bridge> <jxsl13> bash -e
17:33 < bridge> <Assa> if you don't overwrite it with "MAILTO"
17:33 < bridge> <jxsl13> first one
17:33 < bridge> <Assa> if you don't overwrite it with MAILTO=""
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> cat backup-db.sh
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> #!/bin/bash
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> container=$(docker ps -f "name=mediawiki-database" --format "{{.Names}}")
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> docker exec $container /usr/bin/mariadb-dump -u ddnetwiki --password=chillerthispwisfake ddnetwiki | xz -c >database.sql.xz
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:34 < bridge> <jxsl13> probably real pw
17:34 < bridge> <Assa> and you didn't for some reason create docker backups or docker image dumps?
17:34 < bridge> <learath2> Well what is done is done
17:34 < bridge> <Assa> just asking and grabbing for any straws
17:35 < bridge> <jxsl13> stuff is in a volume anyways? never used docker backups, there is such a thing?
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> ‚ûú  ~ file disk.img
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> disk.img: Linux rev 1.0 ext4 filesystem data, UUID=80521471-7df5-4270-a7ae-80b1545f7a0b (needs journal recovery) (extents) (64bit) (large files) (huge files)
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> ‚ûú  ~ extundelete ./disk.img --restore-directory /var/lib/docker/volumes/mediawiki_ddnetwiki-mariadb/_data/
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> NOTICE: Extended attributes are not restored.
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> WARNING: EXT3_FEATURE_INCOMPAT_RECOVER is set.
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> The partition should be unmounted to undelete any files without further data loss.
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> If the partition is not currently mounted, this message indicates
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> it was improperly unmounted, and you should run fsck before continuing.
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> If you decide to continue, extundelete may overwrite some of the deleted
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> files and make recovering those files impossible.  You should unmount the
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> file system and check it with fsck before using extundelete.
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> Would you like to continue? (y/n)
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> y
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> Loading filesystem metadata ... extundelete: Extended attribute has an invalid value length when trying to examine filesystem
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 any tips
17:36 < bridge> <Assa> you can also backup the full disk in an image, like there are layers of backups
17:37 < bridge> <Assa> I had to recover user data from a tape storage .__. that was a nightmare, took months
17:37 < bridge> <Assa> and that fucking ibm software can burn in hell
17:37 < bridge> <jxsl13> i mean the volume is not part of the image.m, is it backed up at all, then?
17:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is probably worthless but i tried
17:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> no i hate docker but i only used it to manage mediawiki versions more easily
17:38 < bridge> <Assa> i like some aspects of docker, like automatic restarts and that multiservice things
17:39 < bridge> <c0d3d3v> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/cd8706a84ab928a37d11b2c9a18ca4e91c5007e5/src/engine/client/client.cpp#L1946
17:39 < bridge> <c0d3d3v> 
17:39 < bridge> <c0d3d3v> Am I wrong or do I miss something. But I think this check is partially wrong, because CSnapshot::MAX_PARTS is 64 but m_SnapshotParts[Conn] is `unsigned` and therefor only 32bit?
17:39 < bridge> <Assa> and often you don't need to build your own image, just docker hub
17:57 < bridge> <learath2> No idea, never had much luck with that sort of recovery
18:59 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Okay üò¨
18:59 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408133361217568859/IMG_20250821_195651.jpg?ex=68a8a1e3&is=68a75063&hm=2f913ff15e8eb4a2931d4f5bb68e042102515a1ae2fd99f4510377aaa2749678&
19:02 < bridge> <totar> Ping is bad therefore we'll call the more important feature "antiping" surely everyone will understand this completely standard term.
19:02 < bridge> <totar> Ping is bad therefore we'll call the most important feature "antiping" surely everyone will understand this completely standard term.
19:02 < bridge> <totar> Im going to antiping your rockets
19:03 < bridge> <learath2> Antislow input when?
19:04 < bridge> <totar> Good idea
19:04 < bridge> <learath2> It promised, I think you can trust it now
19:20 < bridge> <totar> It wasnt mentioned but antiping also adds 20ms of experienced latency on top of prediction margin
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> let's just make a fat lan party and end this shit ping stuff
19:20 < bridge> <learath2> Lets just take everything offline as it was meant to be. The internet is the work of demons
19:20 < bridge> <totar> Wait I said antiping
19:20 < bridge> <totar> It wasnt mentioned but fast input also adds 20ms of experienced latency on top of prediction margin
19:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No ping no anti pig
19:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No ping no anti ping
19:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Jupstar ‚ú™ yes when party in ur new flat
19:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** housewarming
19:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chiller come
19:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i come
19:23 < bridge> <totar> Would Heinrich explode if we added a slider that controls how much fast input you get between 0-20ms currently Im not doing this because it's a pain to implement in a merge safe way
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** possibly
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** he 
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** would
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** actually
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** explode
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üòÆ
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** would heino explode?
19:24 < bridge> <kollpotato> then we are free
19:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** !roll 0 1
19:24 < chillerbot> 1
19:24 < bridge> <kollpotato> xd
19:24 < bridge> <kollpotato> no quic
19:25 < bridge> <totar> chatgpt, finish quic pls
19:33 < bridge> <teero777> actually wouldnt be that hard no? the latest tick lerp would lerp between the current one and the next one lerped to x%
19:45 < bridge> <totar> The issue is youre misaligned to the regular tick system which needs a lot of small changes to be happy
19:46 < bridge> <totar> Since we use intratick for that everywhere
19:49 < bridge> <teero777> you could only adjust the positions of entities to the correct intra tick and it would be unnoticable i think
19:49 < bridge> <teero777> i would love to draw this for you but im lazy
20:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @blaiszephyr :deen_star:
20:15 < bridge> <melon> WOOHOOO
20:16 < bridge> <melon> let me poke the pr
20:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon
20:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408156994262532178/image.png?ex=68a8b7e5&is=68a76665&hm=3093877bf81c0db492a12887e3312e0dc20ced0c97d4e93a5257108e2962219b&
20:33 < bridge> <learath2> We can merge fast input. Maaybe we can merge optional fast input. Adjustable fast input and we are all losing our merge access
20:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> [yippie](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1113080480485605376.gif?size=48&animated=true&name=yippie)
20:34 < bridge> <totar> Merge mandatory fast input, people still need to use tclient to turn it off :troll:
20:37 < bridge> <pilonpl> wtf is fast input?
20:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> -20ms visual delay
20:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> pure magic
21:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> up to!
21:01 < bridge> <Assa> so 1 tick
21:07 < bridge> <pilonpl> why
21:07 < bridge> <pilonpl> why is there a delay
21:07 < bridge> <pilonpl> and how it can be fixe
21:07 < bridge> <pilonpl> d
21:09 < bridge> <fushi_gg> isn't it fast output then actually ü§î
21:09 < bridge> <learath2> Actually more accurate
21:09 < bridge> <fushi_gg> sounds a lot weirder tho
21:11 < bridge> <learath2> It's not very complicated, it just applies your input earlier, so you get more immediate feedback
21:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wat @Solly (bun bun) 
21:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> didnt u add that
21:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** only config
21:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no ui
21:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> urmm
21:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> based vim user
21:21 < bridge> <kollpotato> no ui
21:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) check files changed xd https://github.com/sjrc6/TaterClient-ddnet/pull/133/files
21:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think u also said u wanted to change entire ui anways or sumsin
21:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i did
21:28 < bridge> <Assa> is there a way to open a demo without it starting?
21:28 < bridge> <totar> Its not up to, justi is telling lies
21:28 < bridge> <totar> Its not up to, jupsti is telling lies
21:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have misunderstood!
21:29 < bridge> <totar> Its basically like youre viewing what your monitor would show you 20ms in the future
21:30 < bridge> <totar> There's no variation in that, whatever would have been on your screen in 20ms is what you see now
21:30 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i see
21:30 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> understandable have anice day
21:30 < bridge> <totar> :owo:
21:35 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, but it seems more like a bug because you can use `demo_speed 0` to the speed to 0
21:36 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, but it seems more like a bug because you can use `demo_speed 0` to set the speed to 0
21:36 < bridge> <teero777> things are wrokingg my simulation is wokriasdnasduijna
21:36 < bridge> <teero777> im so happy rn
21:37 < bridge> <teero777> i was about to cry
21:38 < bridge> <teero777> but my tires somehow cool down when im at 200kmh xd
21:38 < bridge> <teero777> might need to fix some things still
21:49 < bridge> <leo6955> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1404558469687803904/1408167792959819996/89.png?ex=68a8c1f4&is=68a77074&hm=314e7aa7d42159c761f8195e645770ed72b59d45e29ce4943d7969a913390d70& https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1404558469687803904/1408167823204810772/99.png?ex=68a8c1fb&is=68a7707b&hm=69981149744416730926d75a5d4c96937b276c8f2d4f9b79bb408402b956fc7e& https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1404558469687803904/1408167934815244378/8.jpg?ex=68a8c2
21:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ya know thats actually very believable for elon musk to do
21:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> "give" everyone some money but dont actually let anyone tkae it out and then very undiscrete rug pull
22:29 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe we have talked about this before, but ddnet-rs is not compatible with normal ddnet servers atm, is it
22:29 < bridge> <Ewan> i'd like to think about switching over entirely if i have the patience to fix issues i run into, but i couldn't do that if it doesn't work on existing servers
22:31 < bridge> <totar> Im pretty sure it is now
22:31 < bridge> <totar> Juppy made compatability layer thing
22:38 < bridge> <Ewan> that is so tits
22:40 < bridge> <totar> is that a good thing?
22:40 < bridge> <totar> Ive never heard that phrase
22:46 < bridge> <pioooooo> why it's 3 times the size for ddnet-rs
22:46 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408190638049988761/f52d6fd6d2757613.png?ex=68a8d73b&is=68a785bb&hm=5746b0864ba26e88bcd7080ccdd882fc06c2c4af8cbbfd6316d701e3e2284466&
22:46 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408190638339526780/18c49d3156492f2c.png?ex=68a8d73b&is=68a785bb&hm=7a237a01c979c6db50898a9ea19784d1c626350f4d7197d59e283fed8032d5b5&
22:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> noway
22:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408190750818046073/QQ_1755809234091.png?ex=68a8d755&is=68a785d5&hm=dfb3c953ed3154a116fc1dbe58c2c54ddba575a15fac13b8232bcca51673e349&
22:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> noway
22:47 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408190917793288324/9fa63fd9d007f787.png?ex=68a8d77d&is=68a785fd&hm=2130305eb2dc7597fa7c04c068945f7fc74305b9b206e4da1a91304851cafa31&
22:50 < bridge> <soulyvevo> ye it looks sus af but the whole game is actually a single executable
22:51 < bridge> <pioooooo> it says it cant find steamapi64.dll
22:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> power of static linking
22:51 < bridge> <pioooooo> trying non-steam version
22:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> static linking is epic
22:54 < bridge> <pioooooo> im kinda softlocked
22:55 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408192862461366394/b6f6c2d826df4eac.png?ex=68a8d94d&is=68a787cd&hm=3634b1283e9bb45464c0a8fbc96aeb197d2695918b39248125f52e79d0a4a4cf&
22:56 < bridge> <pioooooo> still can't enter a server, idk if this is better than last time without compat layer
22:56 < bridge> <pioooooo> gonna go to bed now
22:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> can we move ddnet rust to ddnet-rs üòä
22:59 < bridge> <kollpotato> they are independent projects
23:00 < bridge> <pioooooo> oh it's becaus of the ime
23:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know, but ddnet has a rust bridge
23:01 < bridge> <kollpotato> yea its kinda useless
23:14 < bridge> <pioooooo> I thought it's bugged, instead i have unfinished only on...
23:14 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408197577303654460/a5fcb8ecafbd05d8.png?ex=68a8ddb1&is=68a78c31&hm=63a16e0d3ae495dd6ba4bfa5a0104ad72ee09a797e4e1656c81b91c5b560673f&
23:19 < bridge> <pioooooo> it works
23:19 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1408198884567679017/a7e4e0e205f9ba86.png?ex=68a8dee9&is=68a78d69&hm=3548913d9fe8674c414652842af421965ea57554c39082b137ff5a46821b3cb0&
23:20 < bridge> <Ewan> that wouldn't accomplish anything though? the behavior is already implemented natively in ddnet-rs, the rust bridge provides a FFI into existing DDNet code which wouldn't make sense in ddnet-rs
23:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know its a joke
23:20 < bridge> <Ewan> :pepeW:
23:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> hehhe
23:23 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> For you see, despite having been demoted to blue, Solly also has the purple role
23:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> dw im getting very close to being promoted
23:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> [cat_sweat](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1305364420871983124.webp?size=48&name=cat_sweat)
23:27 < bridge> <Ewan> i mainly just didn't see how it was a joke
23:27 < bridge> <Ewan> idc beauty is in the eye of the beholder and all that
23:27 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I wouldn't call it a joke as much as simple bait
23:28 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> the joke is you falling for it :greenthing:
23:29 < bridge> <pioooooo> ddnet-rs is still heavily incomplete, tho I think chances are high that it is a cheat client :greenthing:
23:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ddnet-rs should be closed source closed license, pay to play + gamepass to reduce cheat forks
23:35 < bridge> <Ewan> why do we have bait in developer channel
23:35 < bridge> <Ewan> stupid
23:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> for the lulz of course
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the part about removing the rust bit from ddnet is serious
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the putting it into ddnet-rs is nonsenical and a joke
23:49 < bridge> <totar> I agree, if rust is so good we should just make ddnet-rs the primary client. Let the cpp enjoyers have our filth in peace please.
23:53 < bridge> <melon> Finally the design is mappable again! :KEKW:
23:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> hell yeah
23:53 < bridge> <melon> Only took 2 months and 3 crashouts thanks to CI
