00:16 < bridge> <guie_guie> discord.com/invite/EjPsgYf5 @everyone
02:38 < bridge> <louis> is anyone maintaining source code for pvp based servers updated with recent ddnet master?
02:39 < bridge> <louis> looking for basically dm
02:52 < bridge> <Peakies> .
03:08 < bridge> <totar> Chiller does that i think
06:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes @louis.place what tater said https://github.com/ddnet-insta/ddnet-insta
07:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @milkeeycat: so do you have a plan or is this the end of ddnet\_protocol? .\_. I am kinda blocked by the session pr. You are planning to review it? Replace it with different approach? Discuss it? I can‚Äôt tell if you are just busy or this will never progress
07:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Thing is if you build a client or server you need to keep track of the token, seq and ack. And those sequence numbers is something that can nicely be abstracted away in a struct the user passes never having to worry about its content. Otherwise you need to pass a mutable pointer to seq, ack and also a token
07:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Or reimplement the seq stuff in the user code. Which a bummer if you went and installed a lib to do it for you
07:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: what‚Äôs the holdup? Everyone should have been online by now. It‚Äôs not like I popped out of nowhere. Is this happening or not? Or do you need a few weeks? Then I can stop asking daily :p
08:22 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 I wonder if we should apply another concept here. Instead of calculating this every frame, we could just give the quad of pixel width the envelope itself as color envelop and offset it's time, then basically do the render code from render layers and let the gpu do the rest
08:24 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 I wonder if we should apply another concept here. Instead of calculating this every frame, we could just give the quad of pixel width the envelope itself as color envelop and offset it's time, then basically do the render code from render layers for quads and let the gpu do the rest
08:31 < bridge> <Assa> I see, you wanted to optimize the number of quads used for linear and step ‚úÖ
09:05 < bridge> <Assa> gumo ^.^
09:06 < bridge> <Assa> does anyone know if there is a neat trick to ammend to a previous commit?
09:07 < bridge> <milkeeycat> `git commit --ammend`?
09:08 < bridge> <Assa> this would ammend to the latest commit, but I want the one before
09:08 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ah
09:08 < bridge> <Assa> I could do an interactive rebase ... meh
09:10 < bridge> <melon> gumo :3
09:10 < bridge> <melon> 
09:10 < bridge> <melon> do you just want to add changes to it or do you want to change commit history?
09:10 < bridge> <melon> 
09:10 < bridge> <melon> tho in both cases, you'd want to interactive rebase and change `pick` to `e` or `edit` on the second last commit, add your changes and then amend to it
09:10 < bridge> <melon> rebasing isnt that bad if you get used to it!
09:11 < bridge> <melon> interactive rebasing isnt that bad if you get used to it!
09:11 < bridge> <melon> if history isnt a concern i think you could actually use --fixup
09:11 < bridge> <melon> if history isnt a concern i think you could actually use `git --fixup` - but i've never used it before
09:13 < bridge> <melon> if history isnt a concern you could actually use `git --fixup` - but i've never used it before
09:13 < bridge> <melon> if history isnt a concern you could use `git --fixup` - but i've never used it before
09:21 < bridge> <Assa> yeah did an interactive rebase now, I hate it üôÇ
09:22 < bridge> <melon> :D
09:23 < bridge> <Assa> we do have a beginner label for issues, can we have an expert label?
09:25 < bridge> <Assa> I have an issue that is too spicy for me, I am sure this is a NP problem
09:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That label is called ‚Äûneeds discussion‚Äú xd
09:27 < bridge> <Assa> brb, writing a task for chillerdragon
09:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ono my todo is full!
09:29 < bridge> <melon> chiller - convince heinrich to add issue templates pls ty
09:29 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1399292634064748585/image.png?ex=68887851&is=688726d1&hm=6c04bfef6ad2e19a35afdb055858c63d5cdf77b2cc1c32750e0f5c9cbde5fe19&
09:48 < bridge> <Assa> @patiga call for experts, as far as I remember you did something similar already?
10:08 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon ^ thoughts? I believe this is a nice puzzle to think about
10:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt puzzle
10:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @blaiszephyr: nah issue templates suck. Bad enough the git log is spammed with the pr template
10:09 < bridge> <Assa> I don't believe they suck, you can always open a blank ticket
10:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Also if you want a issue template just pr one @blaiszephyr
10:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: giga annoying extra step and feels like bypassing the repo style
10:11 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @blaiszephyr: what even do you want that for?
10:11 < bridge> <melon> they can auto-assign tags
10:11 < bridge> <melon> which is helpful if we talk
10:11 < bridge> <melon> rendering: assa & juppey
10:11 < bridge> <melon> editor: roby and archimede
10:11 < bridge> <melon> client: multiple peeps
10:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We have unpaid humans working as tag machines
10:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No need to automate
10:12 < bridge> <melon> :kekw:
10:12 < bridge> <Assa> isn't it just giving a schema for common issues? I'd add a crash report template, so you have reproduction steps, have os checkboxes and you can directly tell the issue opener where to find the crashdumps
10:13 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Telling where to find crash dumps is nice!
10:13 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But we don‚Äôt have non developers on GitHub anyways so ‚Ä¶
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> that's not true, even if we mostly have developers, I forced some maptesters and mappers to go on github and create issues or favor things they'd like
10:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I also try to promote it
10:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But ppl are shit scared
10:14 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And lazy
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> shit scared?
10:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That you need to be hacker to use it
10:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Also if non developers use GitHub it‚Äôs only to request goofed features not to report crashes with crash dumps
10:15 < bridge> <Assa> oh no open source software, HACKER!!11!
10:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They claim they don‚Äôt understand it
10:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Hear it often
10:16 < bridge> <Assa> it's like every other ticket system
10:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I would say it‚Äôs even easier
10:17 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Go find me an issue for a crash by non technical person @essigautomat
10:17 < bridge> <chillerdragon> On GitHub
10:17 < bridge> <Assa> :justatest: I know I put some from bugs into issues
10:18 < bridge> <Assa> is warhammer a technical person?
10:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes that doesn‚Äôt count
10:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes
10:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He shared even a crashdump and run with debugger
10:18 < bridge> <melon> warhammer is chillers alter ego
10:18 < bridge> <melon> doesnt count
10:19 < bridge> <Assa> I mean technically .. <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10515> , I believe this doesn't count either
10:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If no non technical user sent a crash report ever in 10 years that does not justify for me to have to go through an extra step every time I have to open an issue
10:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I think I know the name
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> I think there are a few, also it could make sense to do this anyway even if it's technical persons that open an issue
10:21 < bridge> <Assa> it would help to group and process this more automatically. On the other side it speaks for itself, that we don't have a lot of crash reports, that's a good thing
10:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Crashes just don‚Äôt get reported
10:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That‚Äôs why we need automated crash dump sending
10:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I trust rossbit more with the label machine than the 12yo Russian tiktoker saying that moving tiles not being in the game is an editor bug
10:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I think it‚Äôs nice that assigned label means valid issue
10:28 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder if we could link automatic crash dump sending to github, so we don't need our own infrastructure
10:33 < bridge> <Assa> I guess this is not possible directly and we'd need a proxy api üò¶
10:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That would allow malicious actors to anonymously spam our GitHub
10:38 < bridge> <Assa> so a full circle to accounts
10:43 < bridge> <learath2> Holdup is not everyone commented. I guess I'll let them have another day and assume silence = assent üôÉ
10:44 < bridge> <learath2> I am on it captain. Though it seems creating a good crash report, not easy. Making it portable, triple not easy.
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> Making it not spammable by summarizing the same reports all in one, hard
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> And removing crash reports, that are not directly in ddnet code? I have no idea
11:16 < bridge> <patiga> my renderer has a very different approach, where all required envelope values just sit in a buffer that gets accessed by index
11:18 < bridge> <patiga> reordering layers or quads, while ensuring the same render output sounds like quite complex code to me. I'd estimate that the performance increase would not be significant enough
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh no what happend to ``tele all me`` :c 
11:44 < bridge> <melon> rm -rf victimargs
12:22 < bridge> <Assa> I think the biggest increase would come from smart clip regions tbh
12:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this looks managable doesn't it? 
12:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/128todos.png
14:26 < bridge> <.puch> @chillerdragon i got a bug with webhook in your last version of ddnet-insta i get no webhook
14:27 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_format_discord 1
14:27 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_discord_webhook "https://discord.com/api/webhooks/1399365
14:28 < bridge> <.puch> i put this but I get no answer from webhook in my discord
14:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Did you edit or leak your webhook url? Looks a bit short to me
14:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Any errors in the logs?
14:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @.puch:
14:31 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** Also the closing quote is missing 
14:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** By last version you mean the official v1.7 release?
14:33 < bridge> <.puch> i know i didn't share the whole url
14:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ah okay
14:33 < bridge> <.puch> maybe i did a bad config in my discord server
14:33 < bridge> <.puch> hm
14:33 < bridge> <.puch> even with my old servers build i don't get any result again
14:33 < bridge> <.puch> erokfjklesrjflkjsfjslk
14:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** Ah it used to work for you before?
14:34 < bridge> <.puch> yes but with an old old old build
14:34 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_format 1
14:34 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_discord_webhook "https://discord.com/api/webhooks/13979321781..."
14:43 < bridge> <.puch> @chillerdragon ok i made it work with old server an not new one
14:43 < bridge> <.puch> i even tried this:
14:43 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_format 1
14:43 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_format_discord 1
14:43 < bridge> <.puch> sv_round_stats_discord_webhook "https://discord.com/api/webhooks/139936..."
14:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** any errors in the logs?
14:55 < bridge> <.puch> yes i checked it:
14:55 < bridge> <.puch> 2025-07-28 14:54:23 I chatresp: No such command: sv_fastcap.
14:55 < bridge> <.puch> 2025-07-28 14:54:23 I chatresp: No such command: sv_round_stats_format.
14:55 < bridge> <.puch> 2025-07-28 14:54:23 I chatresp: No such command: sv_round_stats_discord_webhook.
14:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that looks like the issue xd
14:56 < bridge> <.puch> this is with the new build
14:56 < bridge> <.puch> @chillerdragon i based my tournament on this ;'(
14:56 < bridge> <.puch> if i don't get results i will not get it from my discord bot :/
14:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we will make it work dont worry
14:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** let me try to reproduce
14:57 < bridge> <.puch> I will use an older version don't worry i let you know
14:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im home now we will get this sorted NOW
14:57 < bridge> <.puch> fine you're the best üôÇ
14:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am
14:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @.puch the configs were renamed
14:59 < bridge> <.puch> so if i build again it should work?
14:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it is now ``sv_round_stats_discord_webhooks`` with an extra ``s`` because you can provide multiple urls comma separated
15:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and it is now ``sv_round_stats_format_discord`` with extra ``_discord`` because you can have different formats for different endpoints now
15:00 < bridge> <.puch> but i need to rebuild it I guess?
15:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that is for the latest version
15:00 < bridge> <.puch> ok ty
15:00 < bridge> <.puch> im rebuilding it now
15:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you might also want to remove ``sv_fastcap`` it got fully removed
15:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fastcap is now always on and never breaking anything
15:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what tournament oO @.puch ?
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> im trying to make a revival of this: https://discord.gg/bwwaApXm
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> üòÑ
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> we got 9 teams registered üòÑ
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nice
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what kind of discord bot do you use what does it do?
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> python discord bot
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> to make group phase
15:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you wrote it your self?
15:07 < bridge> <.puch> but im still doing it i hope it will be ready
15:08 < bridge> <.puch> for tonight
15:08 < bridge> <.puch> im testing right now
15:08 < bridge> <.puch> i did it with chatgpt cause im not fast enough sry ^^
15:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** May I suggest to use ``sv_round_stats_format_discord 4`` instead of ``sv_round_stats_format_discord 1`` https://github.com/ddnet-insta/ddnet-insta/?tab=readme-ov-file#publish-round-stats
15:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so json instead of psv
15:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** your python code will be cleaner
15:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you can just use a python parser then
15:09 < bridge> <.puch> ok ty
15:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and you also can skip discord entirely if you use ``sv_round_stats_format_http`` pointing to a python server http endpoint. Like flask.
15:11 < bridge> <.puch> i think for a second version we'll work together if you want, but now tourni is soon i need to make it work first! üòÇ
15:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @.puch you can tell chatgpt to write you a flask server that expects to receive json in this format https://github.com/ddnet-insta/ddnet-insta/?tab=readme-ov-file#json---javascript-object-notation-format-4 it should be smooth af
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sure yea let me know
15:12 < bridge> <.puch> we'll do things clean later together don't worry ^^
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes ofc make it work first!
15:12 < bridge> <.puch> ty ‚ù§Ô∏è  im recompiling it
15:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i feel like ddnet-insta could use an official example for such python service
15:13 < bridge> <.puch> yeah maybe
15:13 < bridge> <.puch> cause you already made webhooks thing
15:14 < bridge> <.puch> so yes with a practical example it would be really cool
15:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i wonder what happens if a player with the name @ everyone joins xd
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah i think i actually support that with the parse: [] thingy irrc
15:17 < bridge> <kollpotato> it did happen before im sure because i saw it
15:17 < bridge> <kollpotato> it didnt do anything
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** pro @kollpotato 
15:17 < bridge> <kollpotato> and maybe the bot is not permitted to ping everyone
15:18 < bridge> <kollpotato> there is a permission like that in discord
15:25 < bridge> <.puch> @chillerdragon please do no break it xddddd
15:26 < bridge> <.puch> a lot of improvement can be made but yes i just take discord member id and text
15:26 < bridge> <.puch> so with everyone maybe we could have a big xd
15:26 < bridge> <.puch> so with everyone maybe we could have a bug xd
15:39 < bridge> <.puch> @chillerdragon i confirm webhooks are working now üôÇ
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh rust moment
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> oob write
15:52 < bridge> <Assa> omg, DIRECTION_LEFT collides in layer_tiles.h and nameplates.cpp if you include both
15:53 < bridge> <Assa> soon: `#include <base/direction.h>
15:56 < bridge> <Assa> lets maybe instead not include editor.h in my header üôÇ
16:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nice @.puch 
18:09 < bridge> <louis> where are u including both of those lol
18:28 < bridge> <Assa> indirectly
21:19 < bridge> <louis> so when are we adding a dash powerup to ddnet
21:19 < bridge> <louis> needs a lot of discussion but would be peak
21:23 < bridge> <soulyvevo> imagine a katana powerup that would transform you into a cool looking ninja tee and you could use some dash ability then
21:25 < bridge> <louis> problem is ninja physics are kinda awkward and the dash is too long
21:25 < bridge> <louis> tbf its hard to imagine a dash that works nicely with tw physics and hooks
21:26 < bridge> <soulyvevo> ye i get what you mean
21:26 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i tried to make some sort of dash thing with reverse nade and nade lifetime 0
21:26 < bridge> <soulyvevo> but its kinda ehh
21:27 < bridge> <soulyvevo> maybe those ninja tunes from #9917 would help
21:27 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9917
21:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> but that would require you to be ninja all the time so idk
22:02 < bridge> <kebscs> You can make duration very short
22:02 < bridge> <kebscs> So idk ninja with low duration where you want someone to dasg
22:02 < bridge> <kebscs> So idk ninja with low duration where you want someone to dash
22:07 < bridge> <louis> so jank tho
23:37 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> in a lot of games a dash is basically just a an impulse, with optional deceleration after a period of time
23:37 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> maybe with disabled gravity between the impulse and deceleration
