00:47 < bridge> <patiga> biggest ddnet map width is slightly above 4096 last time I checked
01:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> nice yap and all
01:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but ddnet is still cpu bound
01:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> prediction costs 50% of cpu time
01:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> plz fix
01:32 < bridge> <teero777> i could...
02:04 < bridge> <cellegenrih> hi hi hi ha
03:46 < bridge> <kebscs> Is there a purpose for ddfat skins?
03:47 < bridge> <kebscs> Ddnet doesn't allow fun settings, and there's ddfat which doesn't seem to do anything and makes skins look worse
03:58 < bridge> <lomination> ._.
03:58 < bridge> <lomination> chubby skins are so much cuter
03:59 < bridge> <cellegenrih> besides being funny? no particular reason xd
04:00 < bridge> <cellegenrih> Like the ddstoopid skins as well (fucked up skins from one Aoe video)
04:00 < bridge> <cellegenrih> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvvGLio2rhM&t=310s
04:00 < bridge> <cellegenrih> imagine all skins just straight up fucked up as a toggleable option üòÑ
04:07 < bridge> <kebscs> Ddnet no fun allowed :nouis:
04:11 < bridge> <cellegenrih> :nouis:
04:52 < bridge> <totar> The fun got grandfathered in before became illegal.
04:53 < bridge> <totar> Only serious video game features now
04:54 < bridge> <totar> For <=2 tees. But fixing the n^2 issue is not easy to get merged which is usually most of the issue afaik
05:54 < bridge> <louis> whats the n^2 issue
05:58 < bridge> <totar> The current tee collision implementation is somewhat infamously O(n^2)
06:08 < bridge> <louis> i guess thats from the 16 player tw days
06:09 < bridge> <totar> Its not hard fix but hard to verify it doesnt change physics
06:09 < bridge> <totar> Its not hard to fix but hard to verify it doesnt change physics
06:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> changed back
07:44 < bridge> <pilonpl> Is it really such a big deal that collisions are n^2?
07:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Deal enough to max out at like 200 tees for a weak computer
07:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> first part https://edgl.dev/blog/creating-a-kernel/
07:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Nice, you already implemented spin locks?
07:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Is your OS multithreaded already
07:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> spin comes from a crate
07:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> if multithreaded you mean multi core no, but i achieved single core multiple processes
07:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> im restarting my os now anyway so i have  nothing much yet
07:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://docs.rs/spin/0.10.0/spin/
08:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> cool. can i like compile a program against your api and it would theoretically work? xd
08:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah ig
08:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and do you use something for that API?
08:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
08:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> like a rust std interface that can be implemented?
08:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont build a std, thats really complex
08:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> i just provie "elibc"
08:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> provide*
08:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://edos.edgl.dev/docs/rust-programs/
08:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> ai made web xd
08:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah. i thought maybe e.g. the std has a elibc target
08:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
08:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and then you have std support as soon as you implement elibc
08:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://docs.rs/elibc/0.1.0/elibc/
08:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i have to research how to do it, but its complex and std requires more support like threads and such
08:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> edos actually sounds cool too. like some greek god
08:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_std]
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_main]
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> use elibc::{
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     alloc::{string::String, vec::Vec},
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     main, println,
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> };
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> // Required: Use elibc's main macro
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> main!(main, rust_args);
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> // Your main function - receives arguments as Vec<String>
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub fn main(args: Vec<String>) -> u64 {
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println!("Hello from edos!");
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println!("Program arguments: {:#?}", args);
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     // Your program logic here
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     0  // Exit code
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_std]
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_main]
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> use elibc::{
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     alloc::{string::String, vec::Vec},
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki>     main, println,
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> };
08:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> // Required: Use elibc's main macro
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> main!(main, rust_args);
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> // Your main function - receives arguments as Vec<String>
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub fn main(args: Vec<String>) -> u64 {
08:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yeah makes sense, dunno if you could emulate threads if you support switching tasks, but ig that's a matter of how your memory design is
08:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> sick
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_std]
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> #![no_main]
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> use elibc::{
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     alloc::{string::String, vec::Vec},
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     main,
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     print::STDIN_FD,
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println,
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     syscalls::{OpenFlags, SYSCALL_ERROR, close, get_errno, open, read, write},
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> };
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> main!(main, rust_args);
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub fn main(_args: Vec<String>) -> u64 {
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     unsafe {
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let mut buffer = [0; 256];
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let x = read(STDIN_FD, buffer.as_mut_ptr(), buffer.len() as u64);
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let s = core::str::from_utf8_unchecked(&buffer[..(x as usize)]);
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>         println!("Read {x} bytes, got: {:?}", s);
08:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki>     0
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> u can read from stdin terminal too
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks i read redox had to fork the rust compiler and such xd
08:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> see https://wiki.osdev.org/Porting_Rust_standard_library
08:05 < bridge> <Ewan> nightmare
08:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it's kinda cool to write own os.
08:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
08:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i should do üò¨
08:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> just need to marry chiller to be rich
08:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Have you even slept yet to have nightmares
08:08 < bridge> <Ewan> a few thousand times
08:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> pro
08:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> .\_.
08:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye its like u rly wrote all, so i can live in the mountains with my self made os
08:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> how many crates did you use? üò¨
08:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> x86_64 spin some font one,
08:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> the acpi crate
08:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> which just parses acpi tables
08:51 < bridge> <Assa> this is also true for player-pickup and other collisions. you could rewrite everything into some kind of tree structure for optimized checking, however this is not trivial and player positions would need to be updated in said structure
08:52 < bridge> <Assa> like you get a huge performance hit if you spawn enough pickups
08:54 < bridge> <pilonpl> so how do collisions with tiles work?
08:55 < bridge> <pilonpl> actually that could be a question in every game
08:55 < bridge> <pilonpl> there are so many things with collisions in games
08:58 < bridge> <Assa> this works fully different, every tick MoveBox in collision is called, this is actually O(n)
09:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> @blaiszephyr skill issue https://www.stepsecurity.io/blog/supply-chain-security-alert-popular-nx-build-system-package-compromised-with-data-stealing-malware
09:09 < bridge> <melon> Rude
09:09 < bridge> <melon> Lmao get timeouted
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> i misread nx for nix
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> anywaysss
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410522484499025970/image.png?ex=68b152ee&is=68b0016e&hm=1ef8ef01d037f8fde6942be14eed1ae15b532f53fd9facac12836ec73ea47840&
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> the gaps in dates in my blog are insane
09:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> i rly need to post more
09:13 < bridge> <melon> That's an interesting read nontheless
09:13 < bridge> <melon> ```
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Exfiltration Mechanism
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Once data collection is complete, the malware:
09:13 < bridge> <melon> 
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Creates a public GitHub repository named s1ngularity-repository using stolen GitHub tokens. A few compromised packages add numerical suffixes such as "-0", "-1" after this repository name.
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Triple-base64 encodes all collected data
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Uploads the encoded data to results.b64 in the newly created repository
09:13 < bridge> <melon> Makes the repository publicly accessible, exposing sensitive data
09:13 < bridge> <melon> ```
09:27 < bridge> <Assa> @cellegenrih our discussion yesterday had me dream about an optimization for zoom:
09:27 < bridge> <Assa> Old Client vs MyIdea
09:27 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410526301017608272/screenshot_2025-08-28_09-25-37.png?ex=68b1567c&is=68b004fc&hm=5199ed8e2b6df652d78d31f0b67975e866bf766eac4b37d4778ff5011788dcdb&
09:28 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410526301768519721/screenshot_2025-08-28_09-27-01.png?ex=68b1567c&is=68b004fc&hm=b9d3fd9f680bfe187f29ac8a50e4caf307d31a17a0df0a9622383d7664c19642&
09:28 < bridge> <Assa> 700 Fps vs 1300 fps :owo:
09:29 < bridge> <Assa> might be something for 19.5 as this is at least 3 PRs in the future
09:32 < bridge> <totar> ddnet rs does it without tree in a mostly trivial way, I would copy that
09:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://tenor.com/view/cat-cutie-sad-sorry-puss-in-boots-gif-14112849
09:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 when merge #10742 its becoming annoying to dance around it its been 5 days omagawd
09:42 < chillerbot12> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10742
10:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i canceld my liver transplant yesterday to be available for you all day. You never showed up. When do we meet?
10:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon im glad you did, you deserve to keep your liver
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon can you send me your testmap?
10:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> i already have part 2 and 3 done
10:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> but ill release them in a span of days
10:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> so i can say im active blogger
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa "the opacity/transparency of quads doesn't decline only in vulkan, if you increase overlay entities." decline when=
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** my test map is a group with clipping and quads in it
10:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nothing special
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> but the group clip should show up
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> I don't get why it shouldn't show up with dbg_render_layers 1 but with dbg_render_layers 3
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> when there is literally a bit check with dbg_render_layers & 1
10:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it showed with 1 and 3
10:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just not with 2
10:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** didnt i say that in the comments√ü
10:49 < bridge> <Assa> I don't get this sentence xD
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fak
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it showed up
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> > I tried dbg_render_layers 1 and saw nothing ._. I only get something with 2 and 3. What am I missing here?
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that was different map
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then in the update i built test map
10:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** to finally see it
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> xD my friend, you are sometimes really hard to follow
10:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes yes
10:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i move fast and break things
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> me 2, now I move fast and fix things
10:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats why the new comment says "Ah okay I get it"
10:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** keepup
10:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** when stop ignore my opacity question btw
10:52 < bridge> <Assa> ^^^
10:52 < bridge> <Assa> do you not see answers?
10:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> > "the opacity/transparency of quads doesn't decline only in vulkan, if you increase overlay entities." decline when=
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> I don't get this sentence
10:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omng i thought u talk about clipping sentence
10:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u fakin tro
10:53 < bridge> <Assa> it's my own right? :pepeW:
10:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ur latest pr u said that sentence
10:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk when it should decline
10:54 < bridge> <Assa> decline = decrease, ~~only~~
10:54 < bridge> <Assa> my god I am also hard to follow
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** decline decrease idc
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but when
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how do i do the declinings
10:55 < bridge> <Assa> I reformulated this sentence, now it's this @chillerdragon :
10:55 < bridge> <Assa> > 2. the opacity of quads doesn't decrease in vulkan, if you increase overlay entities (only in ogl1)
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** a
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** overlay entities
10:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then i assumed correctly
10:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can reproduce in vulkan tho <:tee_thinking:478629518358085653>
10:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** for me clouds stay at full opacity in vulkan 1.1 with entities 90%
10:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah u said that
10:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** my brain somehow assumed vulkan has less bugs xd
10:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** jupsti brainwashed
10:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats how vulkan has more fps. it has less features xd
10:57 < bridge> <Assa> it still has more fps in the fixed version
10:58 < bridge> <Assa> don't challange this sentence, I have a benchmarking tool >:D
10:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** <:poggers2:1008007455936094328>
10:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i may have been trying to bait josspit into reviewing it by insulting vulkan
10:59 < bridge> <Assa> jupey reviews stuff if it's < 20 LOC once a week for me, and since `25 ‚àí41` = -16, we can summon him üòÑ
11:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats why its a bait
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> > AssassinTee will be the only one using it, so we can easily break the user facing config here again at any point without breaking someones workflow.
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> 
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> :pepeW: 
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> 
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon you know the dbg_render_layers is not saved in the config?
11:06 < bridge> <Assa> This is also for other developers so they can debug whatever I did there when I get hit by a bus tomorrow
11:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes in theory
11:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Imo we still need feature use telemetry
11:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then I could ez proof that it has only you as user
11:08 < bridge> <Assa> you men for show quads because nobody noticed?
11:08 < bridge> <Assa> you mean for show quads because nobody noticed?
11:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No for your debug thing
11:08 < bridge> <Assa> feature was accepted :justatest:
11:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes
11:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I think all features with at least 1 user are justified
11:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 0 users is bad
11:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If this helps you it‚Äôs already good
11:10 < bridge> <Assa> I am sure that this quad-hiding config has no users who don't play with 100% entities anyway
11:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But telemetry in general would be good
11:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then let‚Äôs remove it !!! Xd
11:10 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon read this https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1408546093620531270 and above
11:12 < bridge> <learath2> Sorry, busy day yesterday. Have some time this afternoon? Maybe after 1500 CEST?
11:12 < bridge> <learath2> We can just chat about it until we settle on a design
11:17 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: yes
11:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: fck u
11:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @milkeeycat: See?
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why?
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410554171219902538/image.png?ex=68b17071&is=68b01ef1&hm=337b00c5a6085afd00ac8fcf7bc1ad2e3ff85e57c6e70a79d2756793e72270b4&
11:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (screenshot for chiller)
11:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ty
11:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> localhost doesn‚Äôt always exists
11:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i see
11:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its just that people know localhost
11:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Idc
11:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):
11:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs in the code
11:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Code should work not be known
11:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh i guess u dont get serverip ip localhost
11:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They can still input localhost if they want to
11:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> guys check out my cool server: localhost:8319
11:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But the code is more robust now
11:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Localhost still works as userinput btw
11:21 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: see what?
11:21 < bridge> <Assa> > @Assa: fck u
11:21 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon ???
11:24 < bridge> <Assa> I wish github would show if a PR can not be merged anymore
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa you sent me a discord link, i take that as a direct insult
11:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa wdym show?
11:40 < bridge> <Assa> you have the "your pullrequests" overview, all with a green check, click on unmerged PR, "PR can't be merged into master"
11:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you want to be able to filter by pr that have conflicts?
11:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> hi chiller
11:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ryowo
11:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
11:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> got 2 more kernel blog posts prepared
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** when ddnet
11:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sadge
11:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> why dont u blog about ddnet
11:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> ur active senior maintainer
11:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> staff engineer at ddnet.org
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** being called junior and senior by ryowo in the same month
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea bloggings is somewhere burried in my todo
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but i cant reach your blog quality
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its really good
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> what no
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> i blog like a 10y old
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i fan
11:53 < bridge> <Assa> I want a warning sign to show up next to the PR that can't be merged into master, instead of a green arrow suggesting everything is okay
11:54 < bridge> <Assa> I hate that I can't answer on your properly
11:54 < bridge> <Assa> I hate that I can't answer on you properly
12:01 < bridge> <Assa> uh chiller really fast üòÆ I hope robyt doesn't hate it
12:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fr
12:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i felt ballsy
12:02 < bridge> <Assa> screenshotted, I have nothing to do with this mans balls
12:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa convert to draft if your pr is not ready
12:02 < bridge> <Assa> I do ^^
12:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so whats missing then
12:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah you want gh to show a different icon?
12:03 < bridge> <Assa> idk, maybe a second review
12:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i talk about icons
12:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ofc rossbit review is missing but he didnt show up so..
12:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe some browser extension can do it
12:04 < bridge> <Assa> > ah you want gh to show a different icon?
12:04 < bridge> <Assa> the PR overview shows a check mark ‚úÖ  next to a PR if the pipeline ran through. If the PR gets older and stuff happens on master, it keeps getting showed as ‚úÖ  even if it can't be merged anymore because master changed and rebase is needed
12:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea thats a fair complaint
12:04 < bridge> <Assa> you need to press on a PR and then gh starts calculating if the PR is still ready
12:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ye
12:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** doing git merge is compute heavy but i guess it could be cached
12:05 < bridge> <Assa> I wish this would be done in the overview and it would add a ‚ö†Ô∏è label if it isn't mergable, even if it takes time and is slow to pop in
12:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if you are okay with slow search for an extension or code your own
12:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i once coded my own gh feature i was missing xd
12:06 < bridge> <Assa> doesn't have to be fast, like put jobs in a low priority queue
12:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ChillerDragon/GitHubForks
12:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** building browser extensions is surprisingly simple in case you didnt know
12:39 < bridge> <Assa> now I need to recheck PRs again ü•≥
14:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 im so rdy
14:37 < bridge> <learath2> Ok, so the first question is whether we want to make the shared console more agnostic to auth levels and auth stuff
14:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we talk in chat?
14:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** go voice reveal
14:38 < bridge> <learath2> I would, but I'm outside
14:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so?
14:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** outside is good
14:39 < bridge> <learath2> Ye but I can't really speak in here, it's pretty quiet
14:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** quite outside? xd
14:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i need to show you my pitchdeck with slides and perform ted talk
14:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** otherwise we can also discuss in github comments
14:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Jupstar ‚ú™ what was the nice no accounts video chatting link again?
14:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://call.element.io/
14:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah found it
14:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 any chance you can talk later?
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> In a week or two? Idk I'm doing homelesscore for a bit, so I'm always working at libraries and stuff
14:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ._.
14:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wats homelesscore wtf
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> It's just very slow back and forth, but if you prefer sure
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it is slow indeed
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** not slower than discord but slow
14:44 < bridge> <learath2> If only we had invented real time text messaging
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** github is real time text messaging
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but you can afk on me there
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you cant do that in voice
14:45 < bridge> <learath2> Then github it is. I'll just write what I think, we should be able to figure it out before 2027 hopefully
14:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i have like 70 open questions in the issue
14:46 < bridge> <learath2> If only we could have a back and forth in real time and figure out those 70 open questions
14:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omg
14:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sure if you allergic to github which i think is better and faster
14:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we can also do it here
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but you chose the first thing wrong
14:47 < bridge> <learath2> it's not, I'll do it there so you can see how wrong you are
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** first we need to design user facing side before we talk technical details
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** hrhrhr
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok i have to browser windows open im ready to chat
14:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 for the user facing side I want **two** things. Mainly and maybe three optionally.
14:48 < bridge> <learath2> you can afk a bit, I have to type out well formed messages on github that are all complete thoughts
14:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** have as many auth levels as the user wants and they can be named how ever the user wants
14:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and then the second every important thing is that these levels should have access to DIFFERENT commands not stricly more or less than other levels
14:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then optionally we can inherit commands from other levels to reduce typing and maintenance in configs
14:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we do have to think about how different ranks are represented tho like how does a user specify which rank is better and should not be able to kick another one
14:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 pls keep it user facing only
14:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no technical stuff yet
15:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 not sure if i understand your comment :c 
15:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** having a donor and a moderator role is a key requirement for mre
15:10 < bridge> <learath2> If only we could communicate in real time we could have figured it out, you should comment and I'll get back to you within 1 working day
15:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont understand from your message if you approve that or not
15:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** writing it down was good i also got the notification real time i just took my time to read it
15:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** `auth_level_add supermod mod` what does this syntax do? does that mean supermod is higher than mod but does not inherhit its commands?
15:14 < bridge> <learath2> As much as I'd love to be annoying and ask you to put that in a github comment. I think I've made my point
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im about to comment xd
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but maybe lets not spam github with questions
15:15 < bridge> <learath2> That syntax would just inherit, basically `auth_level_add s[new_role] ?s[inherit_from]`
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but we should document our results there
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what does inherit do?
15:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do we have lags or are you afk?
15:17 < bridge> <learath2> got some coffee
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bru
15:17 < bridge> <milkeeycat> what does inherit do?
15:17 < bridge> <milkeeycat> said C++ developer
15:17 < bridge> <learath2> inherit inherits the commands, as they are right at that moment
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok we need to define some wording
15:17 < bridge> <learath2> so `new_role` would have access to everything `inherit_from` has access to at that time
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how do we call the number that makes some rank stronger than the other?
15:18 < bridge> <learath2> It would be nice to have admin be 0, so calling it `power` would be wrong, perhaps `rank`?
15:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok power/rank it is
15:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how do we call the thing that is currently called moderator/admin/helper?
15:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** role?
15:19 < bridge> <learath2> access level? or we can do role too
15:19 < bridge> <learath2> lets do role, shorter
15:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lets go with role for now
15:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** does inherit also increment the role based on the inherited from thing?
15:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** OMG
15:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** USED WORDS WRONGNG xd
15:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** does inherit also increment the rank based on the inherited from role?
15:20 < bridge> <learath2> Depends on what we want to do, if we are doing the flat discord like thing with no sibling roles, yes
15:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok do i HAVE TO inherit?
15:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u sued ?
15:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u used ?[inherit]
15:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which rank do i get if i dont inherit?
15:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what if two inherit from the same role?
15:21 < bridge> <learath2> You don't have to inherit, inherit would only be just a basis to copy from
15:21 < bridge> <learath2> With no sibling rules every `auth_level_add` would increment
15:22 < bridge> <learath2> With no sibling roles every `auth_level_add` would increment
15:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what do you mean with "No dynamic inheritance" in your comment then?
15:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so you mean only once on creation and not later?
15:22 < bridge> <learath2> Yes, so if you inherit from some role, then modify the role you inherited from, it won't change the "child role"
15:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so autoexec.cfg order matters?
15:23 < bridge> <learath2> yes, I think that's the simplest way
15:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that would be the first order mattering thing right?
15:23 < bridge> <learath2> Well for everything order matters, `auth_add` and `auth_remove` would also need to be ordered e.g.
15:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok sure 
15:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think siblings could be cool
15:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but not sure if they are really needed
15:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you can also spam a bunch of roles to make it work i guess
15:24 < bridge> <learath2> How important is inheritance?
15:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how could siblings work?
15:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think inheritance is only a convienience 
15:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** very important to me is optional inheritance. I need different commands for moderators and donors
15:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** they can not be shared in any direction.
15:25 < bridge> <learath2> Just allow multiple roles to have the same `power`, we can do `set_role_power` to set the power explicitly, and as a security measure I guess we initialize the power to `INT_MAX` so all powerless roles are siblings at the worst rank possible
15:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i like that
15:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so the higher the weaker?
15:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do we want to keep it like that?
15:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i guess the magic admin 0 makes sense
15:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so we nuke all current commands?
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> I was thinking we can just let people use configs for inheritance, like
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> ```
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> auth_level_add mod
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> exec mod_cmds.cfg
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> 
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> auth_level_add supermod
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> exec mod_cmds.cfg
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> exec supermod_cmds.cfg
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> ```
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> That's what I'm thinking unless you are seeing an issue with it
15:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nah its good while at it we can also properly enforce the terms role and power
15:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or rank
15:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** whats in exec mod_cmds.cfg
15:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i feel like this wont work unless we introduce config variables
15:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if `mod_cmds.cfg` contains `allow_access mod ban` it wont affect supermod at all
15:29 < bridge> <learath2> Ah, I see the issue there, yeah ok, having inheritance is much easier, I forgot we never had variables in the console for a sec
15:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lmao lerato been using his scripted hax client for too long
15:29 < bridge> <learath2> I plead the 5th
15:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lmao
15:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so?
15:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wat we do
15:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 power or rank now?
15:32 < bridge> <learath2> Any other things you want clarified? Anything we missed?
15:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes we missed everything
15:32 < bridge> <learath2> I guess "rank" sounds better to me
15:32 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what about inheritance now?
15:33 < bridge> <learath2> Ignore the tangent I went on with the extra config files
15:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** cant be ignored
15:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok dont run away
15:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i need to github a sec
15:34 < bridge> <learath2> too late, I'm running away
15:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fajk
15:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok wait
15:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** go write a full autoexec with the new wording!
15:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** pick exactly all command names and define all arguments
15:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** create a helper and a moderator and someone entirely different like a donor, antibotter, tournament moderator, restart bot
15:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then we all have a look at something more tangible and see if it works
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 @learath2 @learath2 @learath2 @learath2  u here?
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we basically discussed nothing yet
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we didnt even finish the rcon command layout
15:37 < bridge> <learath2> You say go write autoexec, then you spamping me on discord üòÑ
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes i wanted to make sure ur not gone
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u will do it?
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** very nice
15:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i will wait for your sign
15:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i got more role ideas if you need some: developer (can restart using shutdown) and map tester (can cheat and change map)
15:44 < bridge> <melon> chiller found my hidden stash of coke or Something? Chill down my friend
15:48 < bridge> <Assa> maybe it's coke, maybe it's autism or adhd, we'll never know, time to count the bobs on the wall again
15:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bobs on the wall?
15:49 < bridge> <Assa> Raufasertapete / woodchip wallpaper
15:49 < bridge> <kebscs> if we removing ddfat skins
15:50 < bridge> <kebscs> what about ninja jetpack
15:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh boi
15:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what about santa skins
15:50 < bridge> <kebscs> i have seen maybe 2 people using it and it makes jetpack, ninja handling code so much more confusing
15:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and skin prefix
15:50 < bridge> <Assa> can I hide other eastereggs in the client? :p
15:51 < bridge> <kebscs> prefix also useless, not every skin works with prefix and you can just pick the correct skin anyway
15:51 < bridge> <kebscs> but idc about that, ninja jetpack just bothered me
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon: https://gist.github.com/Learath2/da08fb65389f9b56f756873689f6409b
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> 
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> So couple observations while writing that:
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> - If you want to inherit from weaker roles you need to define them first, then keep in mind a what the lowest rank is, that is a little annoying to work with.
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> - We might want to leave `INT_MAX` to users, or treat `std::optional<int>` being none as being `>` than any value of `int`
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> privelage escalation by integer overflow? :3
15:56 < bridge> <learath2> There is no increment of it anywhere, so it should be impossible
15:56 < bridge> <Assa> yet
15:58 < bridge> <Assa> btw as far as I remember there was sb. doing map fuzzing? I'd like to check something
15:58 < bridge> <kebscs> @chiller are you modyfing default autoexec for ddnet?
15:58 < bridge> <Assa> kebs I believe he is just extending it, so should be fine
15:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa yes he blogged about it and got real CVEs
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the link is in the wiki
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** !wiki
15:59 < chillerbot12> dead, tldr is ryo upgraded debian 13, somehow the mediawiki instance inside docker says db is read only mode, ryo thought backups worked but they didnt for a year cuz a tool renamed from mysqldump to mariadb-dump
15:59 < bridge> <kebscs> i think just changing it so players know you can add more roles would work
15:59 < bridge> <Assa> wiki dead chiller.
15:59 < bridge> <kebscs> adding some donor, supermod, mod role etc is useless for 99% of players
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** <:pepedead:773232467658145822>
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bbbut i need donor
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and murpii needs more too
15:59 < bridge> <kebscs> and default autoexec is setup as test ddrace server, dont need donor roles or whatever
16:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs fine grained access to antibot is pretty useful. All that stuff is on a need to know basis
16:00 < bridge> <Assa> chiller if ddnet gives you donor role, would you donor?
16:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you mean the feature in general is useless or adding it to the config @kebscs ?
16:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i donated like 3k worth of btc
16:01 < bridge> <Assa> ?! üòÆ
16:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** different times
16:01 < bridge> <Assa> I put donating 3K right at my to-buy-if-rich list, right under buying a castle ‚úçÔ∏è
16:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i made the 3k up btw
16:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it was like 300 back when deen would still take BTC
16:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but price increased since then so i can easily rig my flex
16:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok too much off topic im busy w lerato guys psst
16:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> dammn u
16:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs not sure how much of the new stuff will land in the default exec idc much about it anyways it such a bloated crap and i hate that apt installs it system wide
16:03 < bridge> <kebscs> i like the feature
16:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** broke my prod already
16:03 < bridge> <kebscs> just not adding useless stuff to autoexec
16:03 < bridge> <kebscs> its already confusing
16:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** agree
16:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> agree
16:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> (i dont know what we agree on)
16:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 idk wat dis means: - We might want to leave INT_MAX to users, or treat std::optional being none as being > than any value of int
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> btw using ai to create pyson scripts to analize data is quite pog, one of the stuff i hate most to do, for free
16:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how do we leave it to the users?
16:05 < bridge> <learath2> We might want `INT_MAX` rank for people that are not logged in at all
16:05 < bridge> <learath2> or we can use `std::optional<int>` and have the none value for the users
16:05 < bridge> <Assa> chatgpt also visualizes matplotlib graphs
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> pls use proper size ints not vague C ints, INT64_MAX ty
16:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 why do you need to keep the lowest role in mind if they are sorted in the file anyways?
16:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 yes the technical discussion will be heated too trust me
16:06 < bridge> <learath2> Notice how I had to give mod 4, I had to first define all the roles, then go back and give mod the highest and decrement from there
16:06 < bridge> <Assa> I have no idea how usefull I find this, let's hallucinate data
16:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but lets not get lost in internals and fix the user facing destination first
16:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see it now @learath2 hmm
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i mean the users of it will be poweradmins with giga giant networks @learath2 but it should still ideally not be as complicated :c 
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what about forcing to provide a rank on role creation
16:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> i prefer not to ask the ai to plot stuff, because i dont trust it handles it correctly, instead i trut more it to make a script to plot the data, which i can review, and then plot data
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just to avoid users having to go back on it later
16:11 < bridge> <learath2> Still requires you to manually count your roles and go backwards
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 is it intentional that the mod cant mute?
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ubermod inherits from admin wtf?
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that works?
16:12 < bridge> <learath2> Just didn't bother making it very complete, nothing is very correct, just demonstrating what can be done
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok sure
16:12 < bridge> <cellegenrih> :brownbear:
16:12 < bridge> <learath2> Yes, why not? Instead of a whitelist of what you can start with anything allowed and disallow specific stuff instead
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but ideally we go a bit precise here otherwise talking tech will go all over the place
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok sure works for me @learath2 
16:12 < bridge> <learath2> I don't want to think about the details of how you want to manage your server and what your mods and donors are allowed to do
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fair
16:13 < bridge> <learath2> You should be the one trying to write out what you want and see if you have any issues with the syntax tbh
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk are the numbers deal breaker bad?
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can totally work with this syntax
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but im not sure if its nice enough
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** heinrich or rossbit might be severely disgusted
16:14 < bridge> <learath2> I don't mind them all that much, we can spend a couple moments trying to see if it can be avoided
16:16 < bridge> <learath2> Honestly, not really, inheriting in one direction will always be annoying, either stronger roles inheriting weak ones will require backtracking or the other way around
16:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** okay lets give others a day to veto it
16:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** once this is stabilized and approved we continue to technical implementation
16:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so this meeting is over
16:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thanks for attending everyone
16:17 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe we flip it around? `INT_MAX` for admin, 0 for weakest role, then the weaker to stronger case I had in the example config is easier
16:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** saying you rank is too high you cant do xyz sounds horrible indeed xd
16:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but having 0 for admin is more obvious than the weird INT_MAX
16:19 < bridge> <learath2> 0 for admin is what I was trying to preserve yeah, idk if others don't like it we can propose the flipped layour
16:19 < bridge> <learath2> 0 for admin is what I was trying to preserve yeah, idk if others don't like it we can propose the flipped layout
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i commented it
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we only propose once someone demands it
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thanks for meeting me in this chat btw lerato i know ur homeless and busy trying to find food
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but i still would love to call you one day
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if i had you in voice we would be merged to master by no
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** w
16:37 < bridge> <Assa> I have now 3 PRs beeing blocked by one :pepeW:
16:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i read it as 3prs peeing
16:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
16:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> need coffee
16:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> mg
16:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> closed a pr
16:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> lets lynch learath
16:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> we dont do that here
17:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** closer
17:10 < bridge> <learath2> I'm starting to think there is no right answer
17:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** to what
17:13 < bridge> <melon> gitting
17:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which of these prs?
17:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if there is no right answere there is also no wrong one ez, so it doesnt matter which one you merge as long as you merge one
17:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** road to 69 prs
17:15 < bridge> <learath2> Merge/close/ignore all seem to have the same result
17:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sounds like useless pr then hrhrhrhr
17:38 < bridge> <Assa> I need some help with #10767 , I don't know how I should respond to that answer <.<
17:38 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10767
18:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10773
18:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> this breaks tclient conditional
18:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how could you!!
18:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (its fine ill just make it the numeric then add one for string)
18:09 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller is a based maintainer and dgaf
18:09 < bridge> <kollpotato> my idol
18:09 < bridge> <kollpotato> merge and see what happens
18:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the client only knows what it acn do by autocomplete right
18:22 < ChillerDragon> souly this in fact can not break your client
18:22 < ChillerDragon> its server side change, nothing different gets sent over the network
18:22 < ChillerDragon> but i do plan to break your client in the future
18:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh
18:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theres still authed in client
18:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> HOW DARE THEY
18:23 < ChillerDragon> the client one is less bad tbh
18:30 < bridge> <Assa> chiller can you help?
18:32 < ChillerDragon> with the triki comment?
18:32 < ChillerDragon> tldr sori i play gores rn
18:33 < ChillerDragon> i am gamer first and maintainer second
18:33 < bridge> <Assa> yes or with the issue in general, either his explanation is very bad or he doesn't understand what he is supposed to configure. IMO this is not a bug and I'd close it as working as intended
18:33 < ChillerDragon> my official business hours are only from 7-12 am CET
18:34 < ChillerDragon> !help
18:34 < chillerbot12> https://github.com/ChillerDragon/ddnet-bot-irc eth0=192.168.178.22 commands:!remind [message], !mods, !merge [pr id], !whoami, !ping, !p (hex traffixc), !sh (bash), !roll ?[from|to] ?[to]
18:34 < ChillerDragon> whats remind unit again?
18:34 < ChillerDragon> omg ryo u didnt update docs
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> minutes
18:35 < ChillerDragon> useless who needs minutes reminder
18:35 < ChillerDragon> dev chat is not to track your pizza in the oven
18:35 < bridge> <Assa> !remind 20 @chillerdragon maybe you could add more units to the tool
18:35 < chillerbot12> Helo Assa I will remind you at Thu Aug 28 2025 18:55:35 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
18:35 < ChillerDragon> !remind assa needs help with https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10767
18:35 < chillerbot12> Helo ChillerDragon I will remind you at Fri Aug 29 2025 18:35:41 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
18:35 < ChillerDragon> ez no time is tomorrow ryo goated dev after all
18:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller u lost ur matrix avatar
18:36 < ChillerDragon> bcs im not on matrix oO
18:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> wat
18:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> what are u on
18:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> crack?
18:41 < ChillerDragon> yes
18:55 < chillerbot12> Elo @Assa I just wanted to remind you that: @chillerdragon maybe you could add more units to the tool
19:04 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: did you see https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1410333569074597908 ?
19:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i hate u
19:26 < ChillerDragon> yo catto didnt u wanna meet in game at some point? did we ever do it? @milkeeycat
19:30 < bridge> <milkeeycat> > **<ChillerDragon>** i hate u
19:30 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Is that because of the discord link or because of the message? :justatest:
19:44 < ChillerDragon> because of the discord link xd
19:44 < ChillerDragon> idk what message
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> use crate::{acpi::number_of_cores, apic::current_apic_id};
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub struct CoreLocal<T> {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>     inner: Once<Box<[Once<RefCell<T>>]>>,
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>     init: fn() -> T,
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> impl<T> CoreLocal<T> {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>     pub const fn new(init: fn() -> T) -> Self {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>         Self {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             inner: Once::new(),
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             init,
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>         }
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>     fn ensure_initialized(&self) -> &[Once<RefCell<T>>] {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>         self.inner.call_once(|| {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             let cores = number_of_cores();
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             let mut cores_values = Vec::with_capacity(cores);
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             for _ in 0..cores {
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>                 cores_values.push(Once::new());
19:53 < bridge> <ryozuki>             }
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>             cores_values.into_boxed_slice()
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>         })
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>     pub fn read(&self) -> Ref<'_, T> {
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let core_id = current_apic_id() as usize;
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>         self.ensure_initialized()[core_id]
19:54 < bridge> <ryozuki>             .call_once(|| RefCell::new((self.init)()))
19:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: u here?
19:55 < bridge> <robyt3> @ryozuki Is https://codedoc.ddnet.org/ still being updated?
19:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> no, we should redirect it to another sv
19:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> or take it down
19:55 < ChillerDragon> im here
19:55 < ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat
19:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Here's the message:
19:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: I won't merge the builder pr, sowwy. I think they could be defined either in user's code or some "util" lib. I think we should only provide default values for certain things.
19:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> does anybody use it?
19:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok wait ill update it
19:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat wait did you unironically send a discord link? xd
19:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> yes -.-
19:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats fucked up bro xd
19:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** anyways i responded to that didnt i?
19:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk wat i said, i think i said go send pr
19:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** to remove existing one
19:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and it should be for full message not only for params otherwise sending info msg and stuff is too bloat
20:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> im migrating it to my home server
20:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i need to upgrade my home server cpu soon
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> what's in it
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> 5800x3d or smth
20:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: as I wrote, it can be either a separate more high level lib or a user can define such function
20:09 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I just don't like functions which return "sensible defaults"
20:16 < ChillerDragon> yes i saw that
20:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> @robyt3 do u have control over ddnet.org dns entries?
20:16 < bridge> <robyt3> No, maybe @learath2 does
20:16 < bridge> <learath2> I do
20:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> idm
20:17 < bridge> <learath2> What need?
20:18 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: actually... when I think about it... can you pass `skin` value as param, I would happily merge then
20:19 < bridge> <milkeeycat> in start info msg function
20:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dmed, im migrating to homeserver so i need to update codedoc dns ip
20:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat all of the skin values?
20:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then its bloated func call again
20:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh wait its 0.6 xd
20:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think with more than one arg its not readable anymore
20:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its for ppl that want to spawn a tee and dont care about skin yet if they do they can overwrite it in the returned struct
20:23 < bridge> <milkeeycat> and I don't like that it uses random skin as default value :\
20:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** embrace greensward xd
20:23 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it's C, there's no place for quiche eaters
20:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u can also use "default" as default value
20:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or "ddnet_protocol" xd
20:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wait thats actually good skin xd
20:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wat do you think?
20:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> eh, I'm not big fan of it but change the `skin` value to `default` and I'll merge it
20:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> eh, I'm not big fan of it but change the `skin` value to `"default"` and I'll merge it
20:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if the skin name is "ddnet_protocol" it helps with the thing i dmd u about and it still shows default
20:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but sure i can also go with default
20:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> can we meet in game?
20:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do u have kog account?
20:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im insane 3* rn
20:26 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I don't have an account xd
20:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we can also do dms on github btw
20:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but lets meet in fng quickly
20:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat @milkeeycat 88.198.96.203:8308
20:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> @robyt3 its back! with updated doxygen and theme
20:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @milkeeycat you have to care about the project as the maintainer. Don't accept code that makes you feel distant to the code base.
20:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this project needs you more than it needs the message builder keep that in mind
20:40 < bridge> <robyt3> Nice. The main page navigation seems broken though. It now correctly shows the new index page, but shows `mastersrv` page being selected while you are on the main page. And the mastersrv links don't work and it's only linked on https://codedoc.ddnet.org/pages.html for some reason.
20:41 < bridge> <robyt3> Works locally for me
20:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> locally u mean using default theme?
20:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> should i simply use the default theme
20:43 < bridge> <robyt3> Not sure why the theme should break the structure of the page
20:44 < bridge> <robyt3> Did you use the current Doxygen file from the repository?
20:45 < bridge> <robyt3> Did you use the current Doxyfile from the repository?
20:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> ah im using a too modern doxygen
20:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah altho i modify it at end to use the theme
20:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> i found the theme works with 1.12 not 1.14
20:47 < bridge> <robyt3> The structure looks like this for me
20:47 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410697232000221408/image.png?ex=68b1f5ad&is=68b0a42d&hm=d40cf1dc86e5f9bf8516296f0172cc0aee7e909249bcac290ab042a4805ce74e&
20:47 < bridge> <robyt3> And the mastersrv documentation is under `mastersrv.html` instead of this weird `md_src_2mastersrv_2README.html` name
20:48 < bridge> <robyt3> I'm using an older doxygen 1.9.1 though
20:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> its odd
20:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> refresh
20:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> im using 1.12
20:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> but same
20:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> maybe its the theme
20:53 < bridge> <robyt3> Maybe it's the version
20:53 < bridge> <robyt3> After updating to 1.14 it looks like this
20:53 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410698887685079150/image.png?ex=68b1f738&is=68b0a5b8&hm=1fcaa0bda4e0ac45c9cc34054a1c38aea00adf8e659cc93b5a76f90e31d1bbfd&
20:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh
20:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> new version has dark theme?
20:54 < bridge> <robyt3> The structure is correct now, but the mastersrv link is still weird
20:54 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, dark seems to be the default now, I changed nothing else
20:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> i updated to dark theme and latest
20:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk why
20:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> its bugged
20:58 < bridge> <robyt3> ok, I can fix the filename by changing `@page mastersrv` to `@page mastersrv mastersrv`
20:59 < bridge> <robyt3> But now there's a random `v` in the output :thonk:
20:59 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410700247046426635/image.png?ex=68b1f87c&is=68b0a6fc&hm=c458d57e5e8ef9d2c142e1ca27739848e858ed99e897fefeb815e6be6f3785d9&
21:00 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, somehow the navigation is floating now
21:00 < bridge> <robyt3> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410700647631687701/image.png?ex=68b1f8db&is=68b0a75b&hm=b193e5e5e663130661c8d516a332f7db27ceb4965a8d4e6174f66b5e58a0c6bf&
21:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> im using stock doxyfile lol
21:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> and why no dark
21:03 < bridge> <robyt3> You mean the one from the repo?
21:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> yes
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> jQuery.Deferred exception: codefold is not defined @https://codedoc.ddnet.org/index.html:43:16
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> e@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:30038
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> Deferred/then/l/</t<@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:30340
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> setTimeout handler*Deferred/then/l/<@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:30549
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> c@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:28327
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> fireWith@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:29072
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> fire@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:29108
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> c@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:28327
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> fireWith@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:29072
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> ready@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:32045
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> B@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:31824
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> EventListener.handleEvent*@https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:32193
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> @https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:220
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> @https://codedoc.ddnet.org/jquery.js:2:225
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki>  undefined
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
21:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
21:06 < bridge> <robyt3> Does it use a system jquery version for whatever reason?
21:06 < bridge> <robyt3> Mine says `jQuery v3.6.0`
21:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> i would merge it but im not maintainer :owo:
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/android/android_main.h:10: warning: missing title after \defgroup Android
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/log.h:36: warning: missing title after \defgroup Log
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/lock.h:77: warning: missing title after \defgroup Locks
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:49: warning: missing title after \defgroup Debug
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:124: warning: missing title after \defgroup Memory
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:202: warning: missing title after \defgroup File-IO
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:600: warning: missing title after \defgroup Threads
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:658: warning: missing title after \defgroup Semaphore
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:695: warning: missing title after \defgroup Time
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:782: warning: missing title after \defgroup Network-General
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:976: warning: missing title after \defgroup Network-UDP
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:1041: warning: missing title after \defgroup Network-TCP
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:1145: warning: missing title after \defgroup Network-Unix-Sockets
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:1208: warning: missing title after \defgroup Strings
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:1940: warning: missing title after \defgroup Filesystem
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:2586: warning: missing title after \defgroup Shell
21:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:2725: warning: missing title after \defgroup Secure-Random
21:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> /usr/src/ddnet_docs/src/base/system.h:2816: warning: missing title after \defgroup Crash-dumping
21:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
21:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> lots of warnings
21:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok its back to working
21:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> 1.9.8 tho
21:15 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, fixing the warnings and adding checks in the CI is on my TODO list :justatest:
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 create issue for it let someone else do it and use the free time to merge something :p 
21:46 < bridge> <kollpotato> give me maintainer and i will merge all prs for free
21:46 < bridge> <pioooooo> #10570 #10500 plz merge
21:46 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10570
21:46 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10500
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious aaaa
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.a4e1efc0-41e4-44d2-9b84-6c535e4868d0.png
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** go sent back to Q-Easy2 :/
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** got*
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh sheesh dis one might be on me
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.6135a3f4-5d4b-4bf7-8972-6d65eb1d1dee.png
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** !remind 840 merge https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10570
21:49 < chillerbot12> Helo ChillerDragon I will remind you at Fri Aug 29 2025 11:49:58 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
23:24 < bridge> <Deleted User> doesn't understand what that mean here
23:24 < bridge> <Deleted User> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/861241645823164436/unknown.png?ex=68b1af49&is=68b05dc9&hm=6f853b76fad3fed346e229e863f6215376707729aa3da7269e7cea0d02dc5c78&
23:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I see on matrix that chillerbot12 sent an image of me xd. That does not seem right lol
23:27 < bridge> <kollpotato> wtf where
23:27 < bridge> <kollpotato> i have to see
23:27 < bridge> <kollpotato> for educational purposes
23:27 < bridge> <Ewan> is that a thing
23:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I would send a screenshot but I can‚Äôt
23:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The image bridge broke
23:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ‚ö†Ô∏è Your message may not have been bridged: failed to GET /\_matrix/media/v3/download/matrix.org/oOgeVuSWEjZbbrCHXvNbhNFW: M\_UNKNOWN (HTTP 404): Answer from matrix.org: [404 / M\_NOT\_FOUND] Not found
23:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> L Bridge
23:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kollpotato: could you show how it looks like on discord? The message above mine
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> `‚ö†Ô∏è Your message may not have been bridged: failed to GET /\_matrix/media/v3/download/matrix.org/oOgeVuSWEjZbbrCHXvNbhNFW: M\_UNKNOWN (HTTP 404): Answer from matrix.org: [404 / M\_NOT\_FOUND] Not found`
23:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Not that xd but thanks
23:30 < bridge> <Ewan> that's the only msg that's not chiller words
23:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Between mastersrv merge and my message that starts with ‚ÄûI see‚Äú
23:30 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410738422682746970/image0.jpg?ex=68b21c0a&is=68b0ca8a&hm=253ee1dca4bfca8d92abf0f3e46cd4891c0aebb2817fe1ae63f158871281b2ac&
23:30 < bridge> <kollpotato> nothing here
23:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Above
23:31 < bridge> <robyt3> There's no message between those
23:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Maybe it got deleted. On irc it says deleted user instead of chillerbot12 and has additional text
23:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Somehow mysterious xd
23:31 < bridge> <Ewan> when does chiller get his own screenshot server
23:31 < bridge> <kollpotato> delete all bridges and force chiller to use discord
23:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If it was a deleted discord user why does he take the name of a irc user on matrix
23:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I have one @mpft but not on phone
23:32 < bridge> <Ewan> rip
23:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Thanks for clarifying @robyt3 :3
23:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Creepy pasta
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs not a irl pic of me btw it‚Äôs some Publix screenshot
23:33 < bridge> <kollpotato> :(
23:33 < bridge> <kollpotato> boring
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Deleted User
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Today at 23:24
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> doesn't understand what that mean here
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/861241645823164436/unknown.png?ex=68b1af49&is=68b05dc9&hm=6f853b76fad3fed346e229e863f6215376707729aa3da7269e7cea0d02dc5c78&
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Wtf
23:33 < bridge> <Ewan> wat is Publix
23:33 < bridge> <robyt3> ChillerDragon: Was it intended in #8866 that the greensward skin is not translated in `CTeeInfo::FromSixup`? I was going to replace https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/ce5fb497046f0ae182c4b6f86ccf0a6e9d1641d5/src/game/server/teeinfo.cpp#L127 with a for-each loop, but it previously did not include that skin.
23:33 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8866
23:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> That‚Äôs a different image now
23:34 < bridge> <Ewan> you're being haunted
23:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Im super confused something scary happend on the bridge
23:35 < bridge> <kollpotato> wait chiller can u repeat why u avoid discord again
23:35 < bridge> <Ewan> evil company
23:36 < bridge> <Ewan> proprietary PRISM snitch
23:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @robyt3: it‚Äôs a bit late for that. You can ask me in the morning again but right now I have no idea.
23:38 < bridge> <kollpotato> what's a prism snitch? ._.
23:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> !remind 200 make sure rossbit doesn‚Äôt break my baby
23:38 < chillerbot12> Helo chillerdragon I will remind you at Fri Aug 29 2025 02:58:31 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
23:38 < bridge> <Ewan> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISM
23:39 < bridge> <Ewan> replace PRISM with whatever your local government calls their internet surveillance program
23:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> but using bridge doesn't really help
23:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> the messages are all still on discord
23:40 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But I‚Äôm not
23:40 < bridge> <Ewan> it definitely lets u chat on the platform without giving all your PII
23:40 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I also dislike worrying about my account and endless tos
23:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Also someone has to start the move
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> but he already has a discord account already
23:41 < bridge> <kollpotato> getting banned on discord is surprisingly easy
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> yea
23:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> fr
23:41 < bridge> <kollpotato> but I've done weird shit and didn't get banned
23:41 < bridge> <kollpotato> i guess i was with the right people
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> they won't even give u the exact reason when u ask
23:42 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I got no reason at all
23:42 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I assume it was for breaking tos
23:42 < bridge> <kollpotato> they can display the message that is associated with ur ban
23:42 < bridge> <kollpotato> i saw one recently
