00:21 < bridge> <always> someone merge? :owo: 
00:21 < bridge> <always> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9628/
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> working on this agien and trying to recreate a old bug using this but the script just errors now with a parcing error. "AMLException: bad indentation of a mapping entry in "map_v4.ksy" (33:61)
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> 
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  30 |  ... 
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  31 |  ... 
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  32 |  ... 
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  33 |  ... m_data - 1 ? header.data_size : data_offsets[_index + 1]) - d
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> -----------------------------------------^
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  34 |  ... 
00:29 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  35 |  ... " not sure how to fix it
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> working on this agien and trying to recreate a old bug using this but the script just errors now with a parcing error. "YAMLException: bad indentation of a mapping entry in "map_v4.ksy" (33:61)
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> 
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  30 |  ... 
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  31 |  ... 
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  32 |  ... 
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  33 |  ... m_data - 1 ? header.data_size : data_offsets[_index + 1]) - d
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> -----------------------------------------^
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  34 |  ... 
00:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath>  35 |  ... " not sure how to fix it
07:14 < bridge> <cellegenrih> To this day idk where this came from and I hope to never know
08:54 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** yo furo what happend to you btw?
08:55 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** why did you somewhat disappear 
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> man its
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> seperate
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> not separate
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i cant even force myself to pronounce it like its spelt
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bad language
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> plz submit pr to english
08:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> plz submit pr upstream to english
08:59 < bridge> <manikoo> you can use both afaik
08:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (seperate is incorrect)
08:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430088149035388978/image.png?ex=68f880e0&is=68f72f60&hm=b0ba0b0ec902d65b6d46b87c758edff71fbceefad4a5d4e3fe7b4e9c2dbae144&
09:04 < bridge> <Melon> the German pronunciation is at fault here XD
09:04 < bridge> <Melon> 
09:04 < bridge> <Melon> Separat
09:10 < bridge> <Ewan> you also screw up independent sometimes
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> indepedentn
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> indepedennt
09:11 < bridge> <Melon> 3 more edits and you got it solly!
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> indepedent
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> independant
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> those were typos
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> not spleling mistakies
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> veru big iferenrnece
09:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> veru big dfiferenrnece
09:14 < bridge> <Melon> :frogbonk:
09:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon have u ever won a duel against hein
09:14 < bridge> <Melon> I will forever remember chiller telling Heinrich he's a "madafaka" for creating a merge conflict with his PR :nouis:
09:22 < bridge> <kebscs> The letter is silent :kek:
09:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> NOOOO
09:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well depends who u are
09:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sep-er-ut
09:23 < bridge> <Ewan> seprit
09:23 < bridge> <Ewan> sep er it
09:23 < bridge> <kebscs> Sep-ret
09:24 < bridge> <Ewan> depends on ur tendency to portmenteau or anunsiate
09:24 < bridge> <Ewan> portmanteau
09:24 < bridge> <kebscs> Ah there are different spellings for verb and adjective ðŸ’€
09:24 < bridge> <kebscs> Even though written same
09:24 < bridge> <Ewan> oh
09:24 < bridge> <Ewan> sep er ate is the verb
09:25 < bridge> <Ewan> sep er it and sep ret are both fine forms for the adjective
09:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://ipa-reader.com/
09:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `ËˆsÉ›p.É™.rÉ™t`
09:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i prounce it like that
09:25 < bridge> <Ewan> the leskoff ipa reader is way better
09:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i pressume kebs rounuces it like `ËˆsÉ›p.rÉ™t`
09:25 < bridge> <Ewan> this is too robotic
09:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it works Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
09:25 < bridge> <kebscs> https://dictionary.cambridge.org/pronunciation/english/separate
09:25 < bridge> <kebscs> I thought adjective only
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh yeah there are...
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> two
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ways
09:26 < bridge> <Ewan> dats wat im sayin
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we were all talking about the adjective htough
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we were all talking about the adjective though
09:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> WHAAA
09:27 < bridge> <manikoo> hcirnieh
09:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh this was one of the low info closes
09:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah this would be nice for infclass and fng
09:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah this would be nice for infclass, fng and fddrace
09:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which would no longer require special support
09:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> being able to override them still is needed
09:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my prounciation is not listed
09:29 < bridge> <manikoo> then it's wrong
09:29 < bridge> <manikoo> maybe
09:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theres not.. really wrong pronunciations
09:29 < bridge> <Ewan> english is pretty dynamic
09:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ive never been questioned on my prouncination of seperate
09:29 < bridge> <Ewan> they speak it in localized regions all across the globe and even within said regions it differs a lot
09:29 < bridge> <Ewan> none of it is invalid
09:29 < bridge> <Ewan> just different
09:30 < bridge> <Ewan> clearly they are speaking it and communicating successfully
09:33 < bridge> <pioooooo> Cases were the Chinese dictionaries get changed so the previously common mistakes get adopted
09:33 < bridge> <pioooooo> And the previous correct ones are now wrong
09:34 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah i mean
09:34 < bridge> <Ewan> old english is GONE
09:34 < bridge> <Ewan> used to be the same language
09:35 < bridge> <patiga> thanks for the report. weird that this pops up now, I suppose they changed their yaml parser or smth. I'll look into a fix
09:35 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> thanks so much!
09:35 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> yea i think so
09:35 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> as i know it used to work
10:00 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** LMAO
10:00 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9806#issuecomment-3425219703
10:00 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxD
10:01 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** this pr is the biggest mess of entire ddnet history
10:04 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) i dont think so. But its unbalanced he has green name. So even if my opinions are better than his (like they mostly are) he just makes use of his more equal than others maintainer powers
10:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> darn
10:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no way its 14 lines
10:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon i can merge 8341 into tclient ^~^
10:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i like it, most people wont notice
10:06 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> do you get the freeze time in non insta fng?
10:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> might be an advantage
10:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i do like the idea that you could read the snowflake count
10:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> makes unfreeze standofs less luck based
10:07 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** #8341
10:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (as to whether you want to try holding laser or suiside)
10:07 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** omg where chilerbot
10:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #8341
10:07 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8341
10:07 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** ty
10:08 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont use tclient virus so idc
10:08 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** but i would like to have it in chilerbot
10:08 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** but cba to maintain the diff
10:08 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** can i hire you as merge monkey?
10:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> There are so many fngs some send the ddrace data others only stars
10:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> right
10:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well idrc about the tiny amount of cheat it adds
10:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon hire? money? omagawd?
10:16 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** sexual favors
10:16 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i broke
10:16 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i can send you my OF
10:16 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) wdym cheat?
10:16 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** it adds no cheat
10:17 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** it uses the same information as the freeze bar. If the player has freeze bars on thats more precise. If the server thinks thats a cheat it can turn it off
10:17 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** turning it off is not sending the freeze data so the snow flake timer will also not kick in
10:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> that works
10:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> people dont get freezebar/stars on other team normally
10:18 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** ye
10:19 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** then the snow flakes will stay random too
10:24 < bridge> <Ewan> chiller OF? link pls
10:24 < bridge> <patiga> @davidlovesmath the kaitai fixes are in https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2/pull/128
10:25 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> thanks so much!
10:25 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** only souly gets it because its his payment for solving my git conflicts
10:25 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** wat u hacking on @davidlovesmath
10:25 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> also the data file  one also is broken
10:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> nvm you also fixed that one lol
10:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> map parcer. gonna see if a old buffer overflow is still there
10:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> tomarow
10:27 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** wowo real hacker
10:28 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** if you find a client to server 0d rce go send it to chillerdragon@gmail.com who will fix it responsibly
10:31 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> i feel like even a server to client one would be very bad
10:48 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** true true
10:48 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** would be nice for antibot :) 
10:48 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** just scan the users devices, valorant style
10:49 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** or how lerato stated once it would be useful to send custom prediction code to the clients xd
10:50 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** basically a good modding api without the performance impact of webassembly
12:21 < bridge> <Melon> :bruhh:
12:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cylinder-head-sector
12:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> old disks required 3d geometry kek
12:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> like playng a game
12:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> to find the data
13:04 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 3d is cool
15:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon im waiting for my of payment
15:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon i count ur duel as won
15:27 < bridge> <jxsl13> time for a major update.
15:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> shit
15:50 < bridge> <jxsl13> in order not to break backwards compatibility, you can introduce a second command that does the same, just called correctly.
15:51 < bridge> <Melon> :crycat: :crycat: :crycat:
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks https://crates.io/crates/arc-swap
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> This provides something similar to what RwLock<Arc<T>> is or what Atomic<Arc<T>> would be if it existed, optimized for read-mostly write-seldom scenarios, with consistent performance characteristics.
16:05 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Nice crate right?
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye
16:05 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> I use it in ddnet-rs
16:05 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> ðŸ˜‰
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
17:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which duel xd
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the hein one
18:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which one I PvP Heinrich in like 62 issues and PRs I havenâ€™t won any .\_. @sollybunny
18:04 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> chiller
18:05 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> you the best vibe maintainer.. always good vibes
18:05 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> you winner of my heart, all of the homo
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> uuuh, i got a problem, after re-install my OS i got an issue with generated data
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> the data itself is generated but i'm still having an error which doesn't let me to build the client properly (i didn't change cmake except adding 1 external lib)
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> 
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> ```
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> /home/sta/soft/DDNetPulse/src/engine/client/client.cpp:51:10: fatal error: game/generated/client_data.h: No such file or directory
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE>    51 | #include <game/generated/client_data.h>
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE>       |          ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> ```
18:05 < bridge> <BenciE> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430225545517469777/image.png?ex=68f900d6&is=68f7af56&hm=f3a6c77617397b5b069c0d250d852f3c24e8930b5a7a4e9b8075c4e22996413e&
18:06 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> try and see if ddnet compiles
18:06 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> if yes, this is a you issue, if no, we can still look further
18:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> try to remove `build` dir and recompile ðŸ˜¬
18:07 < bridge> <BenciE> want me to say that i didn't tried it before?
18:09 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Isn't this related to https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10789
18:13 < bridge> <BenciE> omg you're so right
18:13 < bridge> <BenciE> thank you so much i love u
18:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Good vibes only!
18:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Thanks @jupeyy_keks so cute of you to say tha
18:30 < bridge> <ChillerDragon> Woah did tha really send twice?
18:31 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** Oh only on matrix but two different clients are affected xd 
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 1. hi
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 3. hi
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> xDD
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> worst discord feature ever
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 1. hi
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 4. hi
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> this has to be a troll
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 1. hi
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 5. hi
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 1. hi
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 500. hi
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> chiller what do you see?
21:24 < bridge> <Ewan> wtaf is heinrich's problem? every single action i see him take as a maintainer is to reverse what somebody else did
21:26 < bridge> <kebscs> ðŸ’€
21:39 < bridge> <manikoo> we need to let him do as he wants maybe
21:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I see nothing special hop on https://chat.zillyhuhn.com jopsi itâ€™s same in matrix and irc I think
21:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The matrix bridge stopped sending my images to discord
21:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So I canâ€™t show on mobile
22:15 < bridge> <thrava> I noticed that
22:15 < bridge> <thrava> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/11026
22:15 < bridge> <thrava> haven't been handled for now
22:16 < bridge> <thrava> This is the most friendly issue (easy to fix) I've seen for now
22:19 < bridge> <kebscs> super/invincible is just broken
22:20 < bridge> <kebscs> and theyre just a rare testing commands so devs dont put it high up in the priority list
22:20 < bridge> <robyt3> #9117
22:20 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/9117
22:20 < bridge> <kebscs> yea removing super would be first step
22:34 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok well it def still segfaults but oddly enough asan doesnt seem to be working lol. time to deleate the cach
22:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> LOL also just let servers install malware too
22:39 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> also the one heap based overflow in this game is the biggest vunerability ive found yet.  and that was just fuzzing. so not realy.
22:40 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok yea looks like clearing the cash is fixing it
22:40 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> as im getting asan symble errors
22:43 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> oh boy now with asan it cant open any files? odd
22:43 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430295441127505920/image.png?ex=68f941ee&is=68f7f06e&hm=5c5dc3b7f713f870769194b08d307d4a750d4e90a702e1a1c395edff2dc76327&
22:44 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok looks like my entire terminal got borked somehow
22:44 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> restart time
22:45 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> oh no....  did i bork wsl...
22:46 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430296079894581340/image.png?ex=68f94287&is=68f7f107&hm=65f2db08061fa7442f6627685b6e04ace4dc173f5721d5466745494b32e29a23&
22:47 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> oh i see im out of disk space agien
22:49 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> yep making more space fixed it
22:51 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> somehow borked the build though so rebuild time!
22:51 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> and by that i mean currupted it
22:57 < ws-client1> **<Jupeyy>** yeah chiller here it works
22:57 < ws-client1> **<Jupeyy>** on discord it shows 1. 2. all the time
23:02 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok well i wasnt exspecting to find a json parcer bug too lol. not sure of the cause lol
23:02 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430300239079804948/image.png?ex=68f94666&is=68f7f4e6&hm=81aa005945e274fba60d2e9490c3c6121654aba820cffb3cbbf0ecf3d565650e&
23:02 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok well i wasnt exspecting to find a json parcer bug too lol. not sure of the cause lol
23:03 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430300418214330549/image.png?ex=68f94691&is=68f7f511&hm=15b66f001c88cf11f2e10cb6c5fa64ec740e22d30b914299d77af4a3cc066d7d&
23:04 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> seems to happen every time on latest though
23:05 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ddnet won't fix sanitizer issues in third party code, use suppress files from ddnet repo to hide it
23:06 < bridge> <Ewan> i see ðŸ’€ and ðŸ‘Ž but no valid rebuttal
23:06 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> noted.
23:06 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> also funny im causing memory overlap when opeinging the bugged map in the editor lol. ig new bug found lol
23:07 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> memory overlap in a memcopy that is
23:15 < bridge> <Skeith> https://tenor.com/view/homer-simpson-end-near-bell-gif-13990251
23:16 < bridge> <Ewan> idk
23:19 < bridge> <Skeith> Game dies with murpi, not even a bold take
23:19 < bridge> <louis> it looks like he merged a few prs and reopened old ones that were closed by ryozuki
23:19 < bridge> <louis> Not sure what this doomposting is about
23:20 < bridge> <learath2> We could probably update/replace the library though, it is still part of our attack surface
23:20 < bridge> <Skeith> half meme, the game will always exist, and people like me will always play, but we'll go back to a more dead game eventually, like before
23:21 < bridge> <Skeith> hein has always been a problem this way
23:21 < bridge> <Skeith> It's up to others to realize that it's a problem
23:22 < bridge> <Skeith> Tbh, I doubt bro was ever gonna actually release quic, it doesn't align with his views of the game
23:23 < bridge> <learath2> I actually do not know why he doesn't want to finish it up tbh, he never really explained his reasons ever
23:23 < bridge> <learath2> It has been like 2-3 weeks of work away from being done for the last 2 years or sth ðŸ˜„
23:23 < bridge> <Ewan> he never explained his reasons for rejecting 50% of the pull requests i ever submitted
23:23 < bridge> <Ewan> just "i dont like your approach"
23:24 < bridge> <Skeith> They don't align with his views of the game
23:24 < bridge> <Skeith> Simple
23:24 < bridge> <Ewan> and that alone is enough to stop hours of effort
23:24 < bridge> <Ewan> throw it in the garbage
23:24 < bridge> <Melon> i just wish he'd be active in here, it feels wrong publicly talking shit about someone who doesnt respond to it
23:24 < bridge> <Ewan> then he should stop asserting himself as lead maintainer if he's not going to be active
23:24 < bridge> <Melon> but ye, what ewan said. I think archi summed the experience up pretty well in #7556
23:24 < bridge> <Melon> 
23:24 < bridge> <Melon> heinrich: `I think I don't want this, so I agree with closing it.`
23:24 < bridge> <Melon> archi: `And what about the people who want this?`
23:24 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/7556
23:25 < bridge> <learath2> 100%, that's why I usually try to argue his position here but then people start saying mean things about me instead ðŸ˜„
23:25 < bridge> <Skeith> We've actively let a zombie decide the future of this game
23:25 < bridge> <Ewan> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/7691>
23:25 < bridge> <Ewan> this one is a classic
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> > I think this feature is a bit hard for a first-time pull request.
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> was not my first
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> 
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> > The implementation of this shouldn't touch physics code. It should simply enable you do go back to your last safe position after you died, without touching all the code where you could die. Also, see @robyt3's comment on my general opinion on this.
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> it did not touch physics code
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> 
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> > I have explained how I think this feature should look like. The PR in its current form does not implement it. AFAIK no one has claimed that how I think the feature should look like would make it less useful for players (other than the code not existing yet, obviously).
23:26 < bridge> <Ewan> he did not explain how it should look
23:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> It's clearly better to talk shit in private while the target is present
23:26 < bridge> <louis> bind groups is interesting but idk i agree with letting ppl bind ingame to whatever and keeping opinionated/hardcoded binds for demos or editor
23:27 < bridge> <learath2> +1, not everything has to be hyper-customizable
23:27 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> What is this bind groups idea?
23:27 < bridge> <aegisub> yeah but can I have my option for spacebar heating please??
23:27 < bridge> <Melon> bind groups was a meta-issue solver IMO.
23:27 < bridge> <Melon> 
23:27 < bridge> <Melon> we have SO many issues about hardcoded binds, their behaviour etc.
23:27 < bridge> <Melon> 
23:27 < bridge> <Melon> we had cellegen go crashout a few days ago because f1 in the editor opens up a link to our wiki :kek:
23:28 < bridge> <Ewan> it's not really about the feature in question, people take issue with his approach. he doesn't like it, so he makes up a reason to reject it, and does not elaborate when somebody disproves or asks for more information
23:28 < bridge> <learath2> It'll be considered if you code it yourself
23:28 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> ok but Cellegen crashouts are gold
23:28 < bridge> <Skeith> He's done a lot for the game, so most people bend to his will with no real question
23:28 < bridge> <aegisub> I shall pr a half-thought-out bug-ridden implementation and then vanish off the face of the earth once it's merged
23:29 < bridge> <kebscs> I ðŸ’€ because ive mentioned it countless times now
23:29 < bridge> <Melon> "hey gptee, make my pc scream when i open this game"
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> oh yeah i'm right there with you
23:29 < bridge> <kebscs> I ðŸ’€ because ive mentioned it countless times now that this happens
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> i thought it was against what i said
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> also not the first time i have brought it up, and i think the hein discussion earlier was sparked by the same issue msg i saw in my notifs this afternoon
23:30 < bridge> <Skeith> Other admins are annoyed by hein
23:30 < bridge> <Skeith> it is known
23:30 < bridge> <Skeith> Not many of em, guess who
23:30 < bridge> <Ewan> it would be nice if there was any wiggle room, or a way for developers/moderators/etc to decide as a whole who is for or against hein's continued maintainership
23:30 < bridge> <Melon> i always knew louis is a hater
23:30 < bridge> <Skeith> same
23:31 < bridge> <learath2> I mean he can veto stuff sometimes without much elaboration, but this one seems pretty well explained in there. He seems to prefer the `/r after death to rescue` and he wants you not to add a hook everywhere but instead restructure
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie)
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 30s left
23:31 < bridge> <Ewan> you should look at the as well as my rebuttals
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 25s left
23:31 < bridge> <Ewan> you should look at the diff as well as my rebuttals
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 20s left
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 15s left
23:31 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 10s left
23:32 < bridge> <Ewan> it applies only to kill tiles, there is no other way to do it, other than retroactively determining if it was a kill tile
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 5s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 4s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 3s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 2s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 1s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> risu called for vote to kick heinrich5991 (being a meanie) â€” 0s left
23:32 < bridge> <DDNet> Vote passed. heinrich5991 kicked by vote (being a meanie)
23:32 < bridge> <Skeith> It is done
23:32 < bridge> <louis> out of curiousity how is the current freeze on deathtile practice feature implemented
23:32 < bridge> <Skeith> I Skeith, have banished the evil
23:32 < bridge> <Ewan> is there one?
23:32 < bridge> <Ewan> pretty sure it still kills
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> if(isPractice)
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> { freeze };
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> else {
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> kill;
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> }
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> if(isPractice)
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> { freeze };
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> else {
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> kill;
23:32 < bridge> <Melon> };
23:33 < bridge> <Melon> pretty much
23:33 < bridge> <Melon> xd
23:33 < bridge> <aegisub> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430307945098248434/powder-that-makes-you-say-real-plastic-man-2796325851.gif?ex=68f94d93&is=68f7fc13&hm=7b7695f36597c2b38a4fb878a6c6b14d8f2cfa0500d747e61c6d6a61e88edc52&
23:34 < bridge> <kebscs> would have loved if there was any admin with a vision for the game
23:34 < bridge> <louis> i'm saying this totally blind to the code / implementation but i would just check on respawn code where the player should be spawned, if they are in practice mode then spawn on the /r spot, else find the actual spawn tiles etc.
23:34 < bridge> <learath2> Truly the 8th wonder of the world
23:34 < bridge> <Skeith> I'm already tilted
23:34 < bridge> <kebscs> I dont think its possible to progress the project with just old devs that enjoy quirks like quic and dislike new features
23:35 < bridge> <Ewan> im just pissed about this in general, i essentially can't contribute because i know the second i do i will be barraged with nitpicks. the next best thing is to contribute to the duct tape that is tclient
23:35 < bridge> <learath2> this is probably exactly what heinrich is thinking there, just need to wire it up so the respawn/death code can know the reason of the death (e.g. killtile vs kill button)
23:35 < bridge> <Skeith> Alright guys, new rule, if you played the game longer than 10 years, you gotta go
23:35 < bridge> <Skeith> we need new blood
23:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> So what you're saying is we need game designers rather than software maintainers
23:35 < bridge> <kebscs> yes, I might have worded it wrong but this is what i meant
23:36 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> oldschool maintainers at that...
23:36 < bridge> <Skeith> Learath's a problem, who's taking him out
23:36 < bridge> <kebscs> our admins are mostly oldschool software devs, idk if any have game dev or design exp
23:36 < bridge> <learath2> This opinion makes sense if you don't think about it at all. Nitpicks are still necessary changes, whether you find them pointless or not
23:36 < bridge> <louis> idk man. i don't really contribute much code nor do i touch suspicious physics code but i feel like the contributor experience could be much much worse than what it currently is
23:37 < bridge> <kebscs> as in to keep 10 year old game fresh, which ofc is hard
23:37 < bridge> <learath2> I'm taking myself out the next time someone starts talking about the game dying because their PR wasn't merged
23:37 < bridge> <Ewan> depends on the nit pick. with heinrich, you cannot talk him down
23:37 < bridge> <Ewan> doesn't matter if there is a reason he didn't know about
23:37 < bridge> <Skeith> Ewan, your turn
23:37 < bridge> <Ewan> doesn't matter how diplomatic you are
23:37 < bridge> <Ewan> ive only been here like 4 years or smth
23:38 < bridge> <Ewan> playing the game. involved in dev chat much less time
23:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Maybe I could wreak some havoc since I've only been around a year (damn it's been a year)
23:38 < bridge> <Skeith> Accounts wooohooooo
23:38 < bridge> <kebscs> this issue is brought up literally every month, you didnt need to be here for long to notice this :kek:
23:38 < bridge> <Ewan> yea i was responding to skeith but idk if that's what he meant in hindsight
23:39 < bridge> <learath2> e.g. that rescue issue, that wasn't a "nitpick", he fundamentally thinks you did it wrong. What do you think is supposed to happen there? You clearly couldn't convince him otherwise, I don't see anyone else disagreeing with him.
23:39 < bridge> <learath2> 
23:39 < bridge> <learath2> Should that be merged to keep you happy?
23:39 < bridge> <Skeith> If we actually got accounts, imagine the positivity!
23:40 < bridge> <Skeith> I'd be poggin
23:40 < bridge> <Ewan> none of that. i think you completely glazed over what i wrote in that issue, because everything in your question here was addressed there
23:40 < bridge> <Ewan> it was a purely technical qualm he had, so i asked for a realistic alternative at a technical level
23:40 < bridge> <Ewan> and was met with no response
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> and if you don't see anyone else disagreeing, why are there 3 other issues about it, not to mention my long ass list of people in support of the feature
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> literally in the issue
23:42 < bridge> <learath2> > Rescuing after a kill would likely mean a complete overhaul/redefinition of the rescue system. There is no need to over-complicate something like this
23:42 < bridge> <learath2> You said this
23:42 < bridge> <learath2> 
23:42 < bridge> <learath2> > I think putting rescue code at every possible location where a tee can be killed is not a good way to organize the code. Sometimes, code should be reorganized instead of it being made worse.
23:42 < bridge> <learath2> He replied with this. It's quite obvious to at least me what he wants. He wants you to do the work of reorganizing the code, or just giving up on the PR
23:42 < bridge> <Ewan> the feature is to rescue on *kill tile*, there is one valid site to "hook into", which does the exact same thing as every other practice mode "hook"
23:42 < bridge> <Ewan> literally just look at the diff
23:43 < bridge> <Ewan> it's implemented exactly the same as every other rescue scenario
23:43 < bridge> <Ewan> there is one place changes were made
23:43 < bridge> <Ewan> the alternative is literally hundreds of lines of code
23:43 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> DDTrophies
23:43 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> DDHats
23:43 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> DDTitles
23:43 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> DDCoins
23:43 < bridge> <Ewan> and past pull requests i have been told almost unanimously by maintainers not to overengineer things
23:44 < bridge> <Ewan> and you can see i did give up on the PR
23:44 < bridge> <Ewan> and contributing to ddnet at all
23:45 < bridge> <Skeith> Now is the easiest time ever for someone to replace DDNet!
23:45 < bridge> <learath2> I don't think he doesn't understand that. It seems that's exactly how he wants you to do it.
23:45 < bridge> <learath2> 
23:45 < bridge> <learath2> Is it right? Idk I didn't review this one myself so I don't know, but it seems you weren't able to compel him either
23:45 < bridge> <Ewan> i see what you're saying but your stance to me seems purely like veteran maintainer supremacy confirmation bias
23:46 < bridge> <Skeith> The funny part is, maybe this would make ddnet admins actually do something worthwhile for once (cope?)
23:46 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> oh boy you can currupt a lot of the heap with this it looks like
23:46 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> and acsualy contual it to a exstent
23:47 < bridge> <aegisub> anyway, I'm not too in the loop on the ddnet dev ecosystem but as an oss maintainer elsewhere I definitely sympathize with being extremely picky about what prs to merge or what features to add. There've been many, many times where a patch or feature looked good and plausible on the surface but turned out to have subtle problems on a more thorough look that the contributor missed. Early on I merged a number of prs where I trusted the contributor to kn
23:47 < bridge> <aegisub> When adding features you can't only think about how nice that feature would be to have, you need to think about all interactions with existing features, all future maintenance problems it could cause, whether it might lock you into some bad backwards-compatibility situation in the future, whether it locks you out of implementing the feature in a better way later on, etc. There are a lot of subtleties on such a scale that are easy to miss when your go
23:47 < bridge> <aegisub> This is a problem everywhere in open source and there's no good general solution to this, especially when maintainers don't have much time to work on the project, but the one thing that helps in my experience is more communication on both sides. When I open a nontrivial pr anywhere I usually reach out first and ask whether such a change would even be desired and whether there are any things I should consider. That prevents frustration due to work end
23:47 < bridge> <aegisub> </yap>
23:47 < bridge> <Skeith> We need another version of teeworlds on steam, guys
23:47 < bridge> <Skeith> think about it
23:47 < bridge> <Ewan> if contributing to OSS is more about kissing ass than writing quality code wtf did i even sign up for
23:47 < bridge> <louis> i just checked, it looks like the freeze inside killtile also hooks into HandleSkippableTiles: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9295/files
23:47 < bridge> <louis> 
23:47 < bridge> <louis> but like i said earlier i think the cleanest way to do it would to defer the logic to Die() and do some practice check there + respawn the player on their /r point. honestly I'm not sure what the practice code is doing because it seems like there's a new exploit every 6 months with it ðŸ˜…
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> the solution is having a real testing pyramid, unfortunately we don't have the budget
23:48 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> wait no nvm its not realy contualable as the sorce and dest look to always be the same size so even if the copy is larger then the dest its also larger then the sorce so its copying random heap data
23:48 < bridge> <aegisub> yes all the good "solutions" require a lot more time and resources on the maintainer's part
23:49 < bridge> <learath2> I mean I do trust his opinion more than yours if that's what you mean, but is that not normal? I've known you much less than I've known him
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> the problem is that logic bounces off
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> all you hear is what you want
23:49 < bridge> <aegisub> tldr I agree with learath
23:49 < bridge> <Skeith> I just know heinrich worked on Teeworlds devs are bad
23:49 < bridge> <Skeith> :J
23:49 < bridge> <Skeith> I just know heinrich worked on Teeworlds and TW devs are bad
23:50 < bridge> <Skeith> learath don't expose yourself as a tw worker
23:50 < bridge> <Ewan> no teeworlds devs left :feelsbadman:
23:50 < bridge> <learath2> You might be cooking with this opinion frfr. We should fire all of our devs for being tw devs
23:50 < bridge> <Skeith> Hell ya
23:50 < bridge> <learath2> I only worked on editor2, that doesn't count
23:50 < bridge> <Skeith> Quic(pls hein)k adjustmet, Teeworlds does not = DDNet
23:50 < bridge> <kebscs> I would agree when it comes to big features, most stuff that's client side, or not breaking or adding anything significant shouldnt have such treatment when it can be easily reverted and we do monthly patches anyway
23:51 < bridge> <kebscs> I would agree when it comes to big features. Most stuff that's client side, or not breaking or adding anything significant shouldnt have such treatment when it can be easily reverted and we do monthly patches anyway
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> Bamcene seems to be the last bastion
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> Bamcane seems to be the last bastion
23:51 < bridge> <aegisub> the problem is that little features interact with other little features
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> Aktivprojekt
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430312642723188746/image.png?ex=68f951f3&is=68f80073&hm=ae0ef1a79754e349e8d42674f9a21ad5543b2343943c8f490b4161bf113083ec&
23:52 < bridge> <Skeith> guys did u know 0.7 is finally out
23:52 < bridge> <Ewan> :pepeW:  <- mfw the structured argument devolves into shitposting because nobody has anything left to say
23:52 < bridge> <aegisub> if there are two ways to do X and you add way 1 (maybe you didn't even realize way 2 existed) but later it turns out way 2 was better then you have a problem
23:52 < bridge> <Skeith> I've always been the local shitpost
23:53 < bridge> <Skeith> I'm just kinda topical at times
23:53 < bridge> <aegisub> if you add three little features X Y and Z then suddenly you have 6 interactions between them to worry about, it scales quadratically
23:53 < bridge> <aegisub> (or exponentially with binary toggles)
23:53 < bridge> <aegisub> and this is not even talking about code, just user-visible behavior
23:53 < bridge> <kebscs> so dont add anything at all? ðŸ˜‚
23:54 < bridge> <aegisub> no but be extremely careful what you add and how
23:54 < bridge> <Skeith> I'm here to keep the blood flowin
23:54 < bridge> <learath2> I think the biggest issue is that y'all scared heinrich off of the discord, so now we can't discuss anything outside Github, and despite what ChillerDragon says Github is not good for discussing stuff
23:54 < bridge> <aegisub> that's the result I've arrived at for my project at least
23:54 < bridge> <Skeith> heinrich deserved to get bullied, he let us down
23:54 < bridge> <Skeith> In the biggest way possible, when the world needed him the most
23:54 < bridge> <learath2> and this is usually far too slow for newer devs excited to contribute to a project and make a difference
23:55 < bridge> <Skeith> The (Tee) world... (I'm crying)
23:55 < bridge> <aegisub> I'm aware of the negative consequences (the project moving much slower and seeming less open to contributions) but other options seemed even worse to me
23:55 < bridge> <kebscs> ddnet's already careful for most prs, for something more serious seems they're too afraid to merge
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> did we "scare heinrich off" or did he make enough personally &/ irrationally driven decisions to make it an inhospitable place for himself
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> this conversation has not been baseless heinrich criticism
23:55 < bridge> <aegisub> victim blaming much=
23:55 < bridge> <aegisub> victim blaming much?
23:56 < bridge> <Ewan> it has been real developer hours wasted because of loosely formed opinions & no actual path for action afterward
23:56 < bridge> <Skeith> Lets not pretend we're not all victims to hein's ideal world here
23:56 < bridge> <Skeith> I'll die on that hill
23:56 < bridge> <aegisub> what is even going on
23:56 < bridge> <kebscs> we could have gotten some 80/20 accounts implementation, but we waited 2 years for quic that never happened
23:56 < bridge> <learath2> I mean you disagree with him on something technical in essence, couldn't convince him otherwise, turned it into a criticism of him instead. It's not baseless per se but has definitely gone off of its base
23:56 < bridge> <aegisub> every oss project needs its boogieman I guess
23:57 < bridge> <Skeith> https://tenor.com/view/everything-reaction-meme-gif-23306023
23:57 < bridge> <aegisub> every oss project needs its boogeyman I guess
23:57 < bridge> <Ewan> if i wanted to scrub through the issues i could find a dozen instances of the same thing
23:57 < bridge> <Skeith> Accounts soon btw
23:57 < bridge> <learath2> I'm actually doing my own accounts with blackjack and hookers
23:57 < bridge> <Skeith> yo invite me
23:57 < bridge> <Melon> how much is the entry fee
23:58 < bridge> <learath2> I hit a bit of a wall because ChillerDragon didn't let me use the stupid 0.7 flag for encrypted packets, so it's undergoing a bit of restructuring
23:58 < bridge> <Ewan> you are not even talking about the base of the conversation, you're talking about one example i posted after others had expressed similar sentiment & then posted their own examples
