00:00 < bridge> <Ewan> it's like
00:00 < bridge> <Ewan> LLM levels of short term memory
00:00 < bridge> <Ewan> baffling
00:00 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
00:00 < bridge> <Skeith> personally, 0.7 is cancelled
00:00 < bridge> <Ewan> i really dont want to be the guy to say "erm actually strawman" but no progress can be made if the actual points i'm expressing aren't addressed
00:00 < bridge> <learath2> I just explored the one example you gave, give another one and I'll do that one too. Honestly, whenever this issue comes up it's a newer dev that has had a PR rejected and was really invested in it
00:00 < bridge> <Skeith> Lear. you know damn well hein is way too harsh
00:00 < bridge> <learath2> What does "addressing your points" entail? Removing an active maintainer and loosening code quality standards?
00:00 < bridge> <Ewan> no, like, responding to the meat of the conversation instead of finding a tangentially related reason to defend heinrich
00:01 < bridge> <kebscs> hein is harsh on github and then hes getting defended on discord when you want to discuss stuff, the never ending cycle of getting nothing done
00:01 < bridge> <learath2> tell me what you want responded to and I'll respond to that instead
00:01 < bridge> <kebscs> and the discussion coming back every month
00:02 < bridge> <Ewan> how about the collective stance of heinrich's maintainership from developers/moderators/people involved with ddnet in any formal manner
00:02 < bridge> <Ewan> which i've brought up multiple times over the past months and haven't even gotten a response to once
00:02 < bridge> <Ewan> not even an acknowledgement
00:02 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> guys what if someone did QUIC
00:02 < bridge> <Skeith> would it be quic
00:02 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> üò≥
00:02 < bridge> <Ewan> too bad i'm expecting democracy from a clearly autocratic project
00:03 < bridge> <Ewan> the open source facade
00:03 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> The source is open
00:03 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> You are within your power to make a fork and distribute it
00:03 < bridge> <learath2> I mean when did we ever pretend this was a democracy? It's sort of an oliguarchy of maintainers
00:03 < bridge> <Ewan> we can fork it and have 2 total modified server instances just like everyone else :owo:
00:03 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok surprisingly there is a check here but its not done correctly lol
00:04 < bridge> <Skeith> I say we make the admins fist fight each other
00:04 < bridge> <Ewan> you will take our contributions but not our criticism
00:04 < bridge> <learath2> I mean when did we ever pretend this was a democracy? It's sort of an oligarchy of maintainers
00:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> :)
00:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> but that's what open source really means
00:04 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> democracy was never a part of it
00:04 < bridge> <learath2> I mean your criticism is that you don't like one of the maintainers
00:04 < bridge> <Skeith> And it's not just to see louis get his fetus-ass beat
00:05 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe in the very shortest term sense
00:05 < bridge> <learath2> and the other criticism is that we are too "nitpicky"?
00:05 < bridge> <Ewan> thanks i had no idea
00:06 < bridge> <learath2> You are free to not like it, but this project has an older style of open source governance. Think more Linux, less Rust
00:06 < bridge> <Skeith> but everyone says rust good
00:06 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Ewan you should go contribute to the Linux kernel :greenthing:
00:06 < bridge> <Ewan> i remember once upon a time i applied for moderator and got the most upvotes of anyone in my region and still got no response other than "better luck next time buddy"
00:06 < bridge> <Ewan> the community aspect is a complete illusion
00:06 < bridge> <aegisub> in these kinds of discussions I always end up just posting this text at some point
00:06 < bridge> <aegisub> > This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
00:06 < bridge> <aegisub> warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.
00:06 < bridge> <aegisub> 
00:06 < bridge> <aegisub> really this should answer pretty much all questions
00:07 < bridge> <aegisub> in these kinds of discussions I always end up just posting this text at some point
00:07 < bridge> <aegisub> > This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.
00:07 < bridge> <aegisub> 
00:07 < bridge> <aegisub> really this should answer pretty much all questions
00:07 < bridge> <Skeith> That's my fault, sorrybbgirl <3
00:07 < bridge> <Ewan> it's a bullet dodged and that's not hard to see now
00:07 < bridge> <Ewan> daria's told me horror stories
00:07 < bridge> <Ewan> and ofc your kayden stuff
00:08 < bridge> <Skeith> daria's a current mod, u should keep those lips closed
00:08 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Ewan you're being way too salty right now
00:08 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> like it's overflowing
00:08 < bridge> <Ewan> if that's what you think
00:08 < bridge> <Skeith> (For his own good)
00:08 < bridge> <Ewan> im just speaking what i believe and it's not personally or irrationally driven
00:08 < bridge> <learath2> We probably just didn't need another mod in your region, you don't really have any other red flags
00:09 < bridge> <kebscs> the problem is probably the projetct's lack of vision. We have no idea which features to do or not do, so we have to just guess and wish one of the maintainer likes it enough to merge or heinrich will decline. This results in overall dissatisfaction when the work spent on a pr goes to waste, or have to refactor the pr 10 times just for maintainer liking
00:09 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I think you're rightfully displeased but you should definitely calm down
00:09 < bridge> <Ewan> i couldn't sugar coat it if i wanted to and even if i could there is no point
00:09 < bridge> <Ewan> i'm sorry if it's too hot for you
00:10 < bridge> <Skeith> My words, so I feel open explaining why Ewan didn't get mod, was basically entirely my decision. Was no real need for a new moderator at the time, and at the time he wasn't very known / it wasn't worth a risk at all
00:10 < bridge> <louis> kinda facts imo
00:10 < bridge> <Ewan> i dont even wanna talk about the mod stuff that was just brought up because i heard smth to the tune of "when was this ever a democracy"
00:11 < bridge> <Ewan> we get contributions and actively reject them because they don't match what hein was imagining and refuses to share
00:11 < bridge> <learath2> I agree, we do need a more clear direction, but I think you'd object to that even more, that's even more autocratic. Projects with one strict maintainer usually discard even more work. Linus and his group of maintainers just tell people who don't want to play by the review rules to just fuckoff
00:11 < bridge> <Ewan> this isn't a kernel it's a game with a large, frequently donating playerbase
00:11 < bridge> <learath2> Look at how bcachefs got pushed out of the mainline kernel because its maintainer just couldn't play by the rules of the release cycle
00:12 < bridge> <kebscs> I wouldnt say project vision or list of features contributors are welcome to work on is autocratic
00:12 < bridge> <Ewan> if you like the luxuries of abundant servers and ample moderators then you should not take your community for granted
00:12 < bridge> <Ewan> the linux kernel bends to nobody's will because it relies on nobody who doesn't have a mutual reliance on the kernel
00:12 < bridge> <Skeith> Ya I stepped down because moderating this shithole in its current state is a waste of time
00:13 < bridge> <Ewan> it's a joke
00:13 < bridge> <kebscs> right now as said before you kinda guess if maintainer likes it or not
00:13 < bridge> <Skeith> I'm shocked so many moderators bother still, maybe they're naive / like the power
00:13 < bridge> <Ewan> look at half their bios, it's not hard to tell which
00:13 < bridge> <learath2> That's what we have been trying with the `accepting-patches` label
00:14 < bridge> <Skeith> The power sure is convenient though, in a game where trolls get away with anything
00:14 < bridge> <patiga> I gave üëé because I looked at the statement, scrolled up, and saw a mix of merging/closing/opening of pr's from him. That seemed to me like a contradiction and unnecessarily rude
00:14 < bridge> <kebscs> imo looks like it isnt really need to do anything to stay a mod, so you could have just stayed inactive and kept the role :/
00:15 < bridge> <kebscs> i respect for stepping down when you dont have time though
00:15 < bridge> <Ewan> it's only unnecessarily rude if you don't have the context
00:15 < bridge> <Skeith> meh, I wanted to quit the game ay the time
00:15 < bridge> <Skeith> the classic
00:15 < bridge> <Skeith> meh, I wanted to quit the game at the time
00:15 < bridge> <Skeith> DDNet is a cruel mistress that beats me for treating it like a real game
00:15 < bridge> <learath2> you quit like 8 times at this point, you always come back üòÑ
00:16 < bridge> <Skeith> Ya and, I love the game
00:16 < bridge> <aegisub> I don't see any place that says that donating entitles you to anything except being credited
00:16 < bridge> <Skeith> :c
00:16 < bridge> <learath2> Also didn't you quit because of a certain blue name?
00:16 < bridge> <Ewan> nobody said that either
00:16 < bridge> <Ewan> it's basic social dynamics
00:16 < bridge> <Ewan> unhappy community = fewer donations
00:16 < bridge> <Ewan> fewer donations = fewer luxuries
00:16 < bridge> <Skeith> That guy didn't help, sure
00:16 < bridge> <Ewan> fewer luxuries = fewer players
00:16 < bridge> <Skeith> Is he still mod
00:17 < bridge> <Skeith> At least he went quiet, weird as fuck he'd return the exact same time I did
00:17 < bridge> <kebscs> thats still up to a maintainer to add the label on an issue they like which again may seem like some maintainer's personal opinion
00:18 < bridge> <aegisub> well yes?
00:18 < bridge> <kebscs> or the issues are ignored with no comments instead if no maintainer has interest in them
00:18 < bridge> <aegisub> what's the alternative, just merging any pr?
00:18 < bridge> <learath2> I mean that's how the project is structured
00:18 < bridge> <louis> i think kebs wants some portion of staff that acts like a game designer and puts forth new features for available devs to implement
00:19 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> nvm the dest is bigger then the sorce not the outer way around. so just a oob read
00:20 < bridge> <Skeith> I'll name the moderator: Fussel, bro literally went around banning people with left click, doing the ol aoe, gunning em down in the streets
00:20 < bridge> <Skeith> Put a bad taste in my mouth
00:20 < bridge> <learath2> Well how would that be different than some maintainters personal opinon? It'd be some game designers personal opinion. (Which is marginally better, but it would still be the will of some person)
00:21 < bridge> <aegisub> the problem with doing that in an oss project is that I as a developer see no reason why I should spend my own time to implement something some designer that doesn't even work on the codebase itself wants
00:21 < bridge> <learath2> I do agree that if we were implementing a game designers consistent vision we'd have a greater chance of creating something great. But there is no such person and there is no guarantee that such a persons visiion would align with what the "community" wants
00:21 < bridge> <louis> currently the process is some dev creates an issue for a pr -> a maintainer gives opinion. I think something like maintainer/designer gives feature idea -> dev creates a pr for it  is the intended idea
00:22 < bridge> <learath2> I do agree that if we were implementing a game designers consistent vision we'd have a greater chance of creating something great. But there is no such person and there is no guarantee that such a persons vision would align with what the "community" wants
00:22 < bridge> <louis> Something that lessens the initial effort the developer needs to do to get their idea accepted. (idk my english is not englishing rn)
00:22 < bridge> <aegisub> people engaging in discussion, giving helpful suggestions, speccing out features, mapping out edge cases before implementing a feature? sure, I'd listen to that whether it's some official position or not. But I'd see no reason to follow them as a deciding authority, which is what seems to be suggested here
00:22 < bridge> <louis> that's also true, i guess you'd need someone savvy with design that also has a solid grasp of the codebase esp. since a lot of things are 'hard to touch' with teeworlds
00:22 < bridge> <Skeith> I love the OSRS approach to content, the community votes, certain % to pass and get implemented, changes can always be made to content through a voting process
00:23 < bridge> <kebscs> seems sane, but right now it is: dev gets an idea and makes pr -> maintainer gives his opinion -> this seems like a personal note -> disatisfaction
00:23 < bridge> <aegisub> yeah, the problem is in step 1
00:23 < bridge> <Ewan> throwback!
00:23 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430320608138367016/image.png?ex=68f9595f&is=68f807df&hm=f452b1fd70a6815364f1f13456efb3ffeca52f984ae1beb03dc67896044e7697&
00:23 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430320608905920733/image.png?ex=68f9595f&is=68f807df&hm=1f451d86534f9e62dd0b147294f1913eeeda4ab260ec7086e7a09ac61f4a65a7&
00:23 < bridge> <learath2> I think Jupstars direction of pushing the project into more of an "engine" is the right direction, just allow people the flexibility to create their own game
00:23 < bridge> <aegisub> the dev should first reach out and ask whether such a feature is wanted
00:23 < bridge> <Skeith> dank
00:24 < bridge> <Ewan> for context we pinged fussel a few times below the first screenshot
00:24 < bridge> <Ewan> and then he sic'd hein on me because he is bold enough to issue bans but not talk to personal aggressors
00:24 < bridge> <kebscs> yea we did "issue before pr" guideline for that, but thats still same issue just with an issue not pr
00:24 < bridge> <learath2> It sounds fun, but it would turn DDNet into Blockworlds with the current playerbase. Do we really want to implement block features in our client?
00:24 < bridge> <aegisub> a designer/developer split works in a company setting where developers don't make the actual decisions either way but not when developers work out of their personal passion
00:24 < bridge> <Ewan> the way he acted within his first month of moderator status would be grounds enough to remove anyone else from their moderator position
00:24 < bridge> <Skeith> We add accounts, then only listen to DDRace enjoyers, too free
00:24 < bridge> <Skeith> wait... accounts..
00:24 < bridge> <Skeith> ggs bros, it's over
00:24 < bridge> <Ewan> i strongly suspect fussel had an "in"
00:25 < bridge> <learath2> I thought you left because of someone else
00:25 < bridge> <kebscs> yea we did "issue before pr" guideline for that, but thats still the same problem just with an issue not pr
00:25 < bridge> <Skeith> Fussel never applied for mod btw, he was just added because he'd constantly make reports :3
00:25 < bridge> <Ewan> what autocracy? it's just the system we have in place
00:25 < bridge> <Skeith> iirc
00:25 < bridge> <Ewan> geeeez
00:25 < bridge> <Ewan> you're too cynical skeith
00:25 < bridge> <Skeith> whomst
00:26 < bridge> <Skeith> I've only had a problem with hein and fussel, from what I remember!
00:26 < bridge> <learath2> I can't say
00:26 < bridge> <Skeith> DM?
00:26 < bridge> <learath2> You are no longer blue, you can leak our DMs üòõ
00:26 < bridge> <Skeith> I could leak much more :J
00:27 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok just checked and yes the og bug i was trying to reproduse is still there
00:27 < bridge> <Skeith> I completely forgot about the person he's mentioning lol
00:27 < bridge> <Skeith> but nah, I didn't leave over that alone
00:27 < bridge> <Skeith> He helped
00:28 < bridge> <learath2> I don't think we are doing anything to hide it seriously. The maintainers truly do decide what gets in and what doesn't. I'll tell you we do try to listen to what people want, but you probably don't think we do so that's pointless
00:28 < bridge> <Ewan> I sadly can't take you seriously anymore
00:28 < bridge> <kebscs> so if the project, as said before isn't a "democracy" maybe maintainers could come up with some idea to fix this recuring problem? I'm not here to debate/argue with learath or other maintainers but give ideas to help the game grow ‚ù§Ô∏è
00:29 < bridge> <kebscs> its all in good faith here and this discussion is coming back way too often imo
00:29 < bridge> <Ewan> You've devauled your own word to the point where all I can see is ü§°
00:29 < bridge> <Ewan> even with the rose colored glasses on
00:30 < bridge> <learath2> You are entitled to your opinion of me and me to my opinion of you. I won't stoop as low as to plaster mine on here though
00:30 < bridge> <Skeith> Nah, fight to the death you coward!
00:31 < bridge> <learath2> The recuring issue is heinrich being very opinionated as to what he wants. I don't quite know how to address that, the issue before PR was an attempt, the accepting-patches label was another
00:31 < bridge> <Skeith> What we really need is a heinrich deen fight
00:31 < bridge> <louis> side note but i agree with kebs, i feel like everyone in this community just wants the best for the game. I wish i saw more people using their skills and ideas for the betterment of the game even though it's much easier to find and criticize the faults of others
00:32 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok can someone pls give me context to what everyone is arguing about
00:32 < bridge> <Skeith> tldr: please add water for louis
00:32 < bridge> <learath2> 100%, the arguments wouldn't be this heated if everyone didn't care so much
00:32 < bridge> <Ewan> we feel as if there is no way for us to better the game because we write the code for it and it gets rejected with little real grounds!
00:33 < bridge> <Ewan> there is no discussion to be had with the one making the decision
00:33 < bridge> <Skeith> What happened to the flow of meaningful updates, who was pushing them out? deen?
00:33 < bridge> <kebscs> yes, I think you shouldn't try to counterargument everything here as we just try to give some ideas. This might get too heated as seen before
00:33 < bridge> <Ewan> i had like 5 actual in game players ask about my rescue on kill tile change just to be met with "ah sorry some dude who doesn't actually play the game said no"
00:33 < bridge> <Skeith> i forgot at this point, but there was a nice batch of updates flowing out, like practice
00:34 < bridge> <Skeith> deen my homie added practice the day after I suggested it to him
00:34 < bridge> <learath2> (you have 7 PRs, 5 were merged, 1 you closed yourself, 1 where you had a disagreement with heinrich on)
00:34 < bridge> <Ewan> remind me why ryo stepped back?
00:34 < bridge> <Ewan> ohhh right let's just cherry pick info to make this guy look like an idiot
00:34 < bridge> <Skeith> (I get personal joy every time an exploit springs up relating to it)
00:35 < bridge> <louis> i think labeling issues or prs is a good first step, perhaps what's next is for someone to port discussions from discord/town-hall into github issues and then better contributing guide encouraging devs to visit those issues?
00:35 < bridge> <louis> 
00:35 < bridge> <louis> A long term roadmap with wanted major features would be nice but I'm not sure how viable that is. more transparency and discussion b/w maintainers and devs would also be a positive
00:35 < bridge> <learath2> I mean Ryo stepping down has nothing to do with what you are saying, even if you interpret it extremely uncharitably. Let's not dig that back up, but it definitely had nothing to do with his PRs not being accepted
00:35 < bridge> <kebscs> i fully respect you work you did on ddnet in the past and that youre still here @learath2 but right now it seem a bit like were discussing too much without going forward which can anger some people
00:35 < bridge> <kebscs> issue before pr, and labels are a good step
00:35 < bridge> <Ewan> progress is completely undercut when you have a specific maintainer whose opinion trumps all others and frequently exercises his power to stop incoming changes and refuses to humor real discussions about it
00:36 < bridge> <Ewan> you can hope & dream but every little detail that doesn't align with his views will be helpd in purgatory
00:36 < bridge> <Ewan> you can hope & dream but every little detail that doesn't align with his views will be held in purgatory
00:36 < bridge> <Skeith> Hein existed back when we had a nice flow of updates, to be fair
00:36 < bridge> <Skeith> so what happened
00:36 < bridge> <learath2> As projects mature they slow down, we were merging pretty much whatever looked decent back in the day. I even got my broken updater merged when I first showed up
00:36 < bridge> <kebscs> 100% for me, this could be slowly getting done for now
00:36 < bridge> <kebscs> and see what happens
00:36 < bridge> <Skeith> WE LOST OUR LOVE FOR THE GAME GUYS
00:37 < bridge> <louis> I just dont' think his opinion trumps all others
00:37 < bridge> <Ewan> i just disagree there
00:37 < bridge> <Ewan> nobody whose opinion matters has the patience to speak over him
00:37 < bridge> <louis> you got learath's opinion as well about the implementation, i'm sure you could ask others too. I'm assuming deen would be fine with your implementation, not sure about chillerdragon
00:38 < bridge> <Ewan> you don't have to assume, i compiled a long ish list of people in favor, and heinrich's is ultimately the one that stopped progress
00:38 < bridge> <Ewan> so you can Think that
00:38 < bridge> <Ewan> but reality doesn't really agree
00:38 < bridge> <louis> what's the list of maintainers in favor
00:38 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430324415849041930/image.png?ex=68f95cea&is=68f80b6a&hm=16f6bec11741af3f3d11bb7c8feec4493adf8fe15e20a82b37632969afa29802&
00:38 < bridge> <Ewan> this could also be considered cherry picking but i encourage you to go on the site and look a little bit
00:38 < bridge> <Skeith> hein is the most vocal admin in terms of declining shit
00:39 < bridge> <Skeith> by far
00:39 < bridge> <Skeith> someone has to do it!
00:39 < bridge> <learath2> deen and chiller would likely be okay with it, would even help him argue his point probably, I could probably be compelled too
00:40 < bridge> <kebscs> from psychology, people associate bad news brought by someone with that person. So without clear direction this just brings him hate
00:40 < bridge> <Skeith> ya
00:40 < bridge> <kebscs> could we pin this or something so this doesnt get lost? üòÑ
00:40 < bridge> <Melon> im a murpi hater
00:40 < bridge> <Skeith> fuck a murpi
00:41 < bridge> <Skeith> pls
00:41 < bridge> <learath2> A long term roadmap sounds great, would you be interested in working on compiling a couple things from the community or town-hall? We can add those issues with a special label, or maybe into a github roadmap
00:41 < bridge> <Skeith> murpi is the #1 admin abuser
00:41 < bridge> <learath2> you should see me at 3 am
00:42 < bridge> <Skeith> I'd love to see you at night, honey
00:42 < bridge> <louis> Yea i could probably compile things or keep some roadmap up to date (i'm not sure if there's some github specific app that's best)
00:42 < bridge> <Ewan> discussions are pretty good
00:42 < bridge> <Melon> since you're gone learath constantly insults my familytree skeith, pls come back
00:42 < bridge> <Skeith> They don't want me back, learath knows I'm evil
00:43 < bridge> <louis> tbh I think just starting some sort of roadmap is a good first step, then we can figure out how to structure it etc. along the way
00:43 < bridge> <learath2> I require you back so you can whip these blue names into shape
00:43 < bridge> <Ewan> back to shitposting
00:43 < bridge> <Ewan> good luck with your serious efforts
00:43 < bridge> <Skeith> https://tenor.com/view/batman-animated-series-bruce-wayne-cartoon-gif-748915460991043523
00:43 < bridge> <Teero> I should have taken action when I still had the green role
00:44 < bridge> <Melon> i'm green too, yet no power
00:44 < bridge> <Skeith> Can't have me in the channel without it
00:44 < bridge> <Teero> yo what why did I lose my green and you didn't?
00:45 < bridge> <learath2> I'm sorry but I don't see anything wrong here, he has a technical vision for the feature that doesn't go against what the people you compiled want. All those people that +1'd the feature would be equally happy whether your patch makes it in or heinrichs idea is implemented
00:45 < bridge> <Ewan> he doesn't have an idea
00:45 < bridge> <Ewan> his idea is the opposite of my idea
00:45 < bridge> <Ewan> in concept
00:45 < bridge> <Skeith> I think the better approach would be to accept ewan's approach, if you have an idea to make it better, don't make ewan do it, do it yourself or stfu
00:45 < bridge> <Ewan> he comes in with a certain perspective and his review turns into finding reasons to deny my request
00:46 < bridge> <learath2> Would you like me to get him to elaborate more if you are having trouble with imagining what his idea looks like?
00:46 < bridge> <learath2> As far as I understand he wants the rescue logic consolidated and he wants `/r` after death
00:46 < bridge> <Melon> i mean we have the dont kill in practice thing now, so his feature was superseded anyway
00:46 < bridge> <Skeith> if it's not a simple fix, that is
00:46 < bridge> <Melon> i mean we have the dont kill in practice on killtile thing now, so his feature was superseded anyway
00:47 < bridge> <Ewan> i want you to stop shifting between the specific technical grounds for the conversation and the overall issue we are trying to convey whenever it's convenient for your stance. this PR is dead and gone and i'm certainly not opening another
00:47 < bridge> <learath2> This is also a solution, but we can't work like that, because how do we not accept something than? We'd have to accept every hacked in feature and be responsible for maintaining and reworking them
00:47 < bridge> <Melon> -# 0.7
00:47 < bridge> <Skeith> If it's a reasonable "hacky" way, then it should be accepted
00:48 < bridge> <Ewan> it's not even a hack! it's literally the basis of practice mode in its current form
00:48 < bridge> <learath2> I do not know how to help you. You posted that screenshot but don't want it discussed?
00:48 < bridge> <Ewan> whether practice mode as a whole should be refactored is a different thing, but i certainly shouldn't be the one to have to overhaul the whole thing just because heinrich is jaded against me
00:48 < bridge> <Ewan> i brought it up as evidence to something else, not as a personal request for any action on your part
00:48 < bridge> <learath2> The overall issue is a discussion that has been happening between the many people in here, you are the one that keeps going back to that specific case
00:49 < bridge> <Ewan> louis explicitly asked for the list of people in support of it, and the screenshot contains that
00:49 < bridge> <Ewan> your opinion keeps shifting around
00:49 < bridge> <Ewan> you are a professional arguer
00:49 < bridge> <learath2> I should be worse at arguing my stance?
00:49 < bridge> <Ewan> case in point
00:50 < bridge> <learath2> I don't know how to make you happy. It bothers me greatly that you are unhappy
00:50 < bridge> <Ewan> the conversation extends past what is visible on your screen and you seem to have a hard time remembering that
00:50 < bridge> <Ewan> you take the very most effective points in conveying your broad and emotionally-driven stance in order to drive the point home
00:50 < bridge> <Ewan> without addressing any actual grievances
00:51 < bridge> <Ewan> it is hard to have a serious conversation and it is proving to be a complete waste of time
00:51 < bridge> <Ewan> my current issue is not about any specific PR i or anyone else submitted to be rejected by him, the issue is he still has the ability to baselessly veto things, i think i have communicated that pretty clearly
00:52 < bridge> <learath2> I genuinely do not know how to address your grievances of "not liking heinrichs review of that specific PR", "not liking that this isn't a democracy", "not liking heinrichs rejecting of PRs"
00:53 < bridge> <Ewan> > I don't know how to make you happy. It bothers me greatly that you are unhappy
00:53 < bridge> <Ewan> starting here would be closer than finding odd excerpts to disprove. you surely know about chaos
00:53 < bridge> <learath2> You explicitly don't want me to address that PR.
00:53 < bridge> <learath2> I can't make this a democracy, it just is not my place, nor do I think a democracy is the best way to run an open source project let alone a game.
00:53 < bridge> <learath2> I can maybe vote to remove heinrich, but I don't particularly disagree with him on anything you've shown so far
00:54 < bridge> <Skeith> I know for a fact you have problems with heinrich's approach
00:54 < bridge> <Skeith> sometimes
00:54 < bridge> <Skeith> I know for a fact you've voiced your complaints to him directly before as well though
00:54 < bridge> <Skeith> :J
00:54 < bridge> <learath2> I find it slow and sometimes overly nitpicky, but doesn't mean I think we'd do better without him
00:54 < bridge> <Skeith> I think he has his uses, definitely
00:54 < bridge> <Ewan> im not sure if there is anything currently actionable on your part, the reason i keep responding is because you seem to keep disagreeing with what i'm saying. me giving you a response should not be confused with me personally requesting things. one maintainer in support of change is certainly closer to change than none/an undefined amount
00:55 < bridge> <Skeith> But he's definitely scary, and seemingly bad for the game at face value
00:55 < bridge> <Ewan> i don't think hein should be demoted or anything either, i just don't think his veto should be the end-all
00:55 < bridge> <learath2> and it isn't, maybe it functionally feels like that?
00:56 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe there is nothing written
00:56 < bridge> <Ewan> i not seen any maintainer stand up for the pending change when heinrich does the heinrich thing
00:56 < bridge> <Ewan> he clearly cares a lot and sadly that ebbs into the illusion of personal ownership
00:57 < bridge> <Ewan> and nobody else feels inclined to say anything because of seniority or existing respect they have for him (for probably valid reasons i have not seen)
00:57 < bridge> <learath2> I vaguely remember pushing something through, but usually not every maintainer reviews everything and we assume silent assent
00:57 < bridge> <Skeith> If I learned to code and I made a meaningfull update to this game and heinrich f4ed me, I'd personally just bomb ddnet's building
00:57 < bridge> <Skeith> If I learned to code and I made a meaningful update to this game and heinrich f4ed me, I'd personally just bomb ddnet's building
00:58 < bridge> <learath2> Noooo not the DDNet GmbH building
00:58 < bridge> <Skeith> They're asking for it
00:58 < bridge> <Ewan> it sucks there's no one place you can bomb anymore to eliminate such things
00:58 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> theres a building for ddnet?
00:58 < bridge> <Ewan> it's like... a random collection of ppl connected over this lattice of copper and fiber optic cables
00:58 < bridge> <Ewan> pure evil
00:59 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> also may want to add a /jk so you dont get banned from discord if someone reports you
00:59 < bridge> <Skeith> I'll just make another account with a vpn
00:59 < bridge> <Skeith> classic
00:59 < bridge> <Ewan> i'm reporting u right now
00:59 < bridge> <Skeith> STOP
00:59 < bridge> <Skeith> If I learned to code and I made a meaningful update to this game and heinrich f4ed me, I'd personally just bomb ddnet's building /s
00:59 < bridge> <Ewan> it's over bud
00:59 < bridge> <Skeith> too late I already /s ed
01:00 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430329907656921319/image.jpg?ex=68f96208&is=68f81088&hm=ed646595f291bce24bca2a2e4790f1abc7424ca3dc4f8b8440f101a430c7c64b&
01:00 < bridge> <Skeith> I actually do this in my personal discord all the time
01:00 < bridge> <Ewan> i truly dont wanna know what goes on there
01:01 < bridge> <Ewan> üò®
01:01 < bridge> <learath2> In most cases no other maintainer has even seen it, or don't necessarily disagree with the review. You can request a review from different maintainers and they might agree with you and help you argue your point
01:01 < bridge> <Melon> okay now we have a problem
01:01 < bridge> <Melon> why am i not part of your personal discord
01:01 < bridge> <Ewan> that's why i bumped it, and what i got in response was a conclusive closing of the PR
01:01 < bridge> <Melon> i showed you my hammer
01:01 < bridge> <Skeith> brb (indefinitely)
01:01 < bridge> <Melon> !war Skeith
01:02 < bridge> <Teero> why are you guys even arguing about things you can't change xd
01:02 < bridge> <Teero> developer channel getting filled with slop discussions lately
01:02 < bridge> <Skeith> Shhhh, lets the adults speak
01:02 < bridge> <Ewan> saying you can't change it is just false
01:02 < bridge> <Skeith> Shhhh, let the adults speak
01:02 < bridge> <Teero> you're gonna kick Heinrich or what  lmao
01:02 < bridge> <Ewan> seems like you didn't actually read it
01:02 < bridge> <Ewan> too bad
01:03 < bridge> <Skeith> I'd dropkick him
01:03 < bridge> <Melon> you filled dev chat with c scripts, you ain't the holy mackarel here!
01:03 < bridge> <Melon> you filled dev chat with c scripts, you ain't the holy mackerel here!
01:03 < bridge> <Ewan> what's more off topic, developer chat about ddnet unrelated things, or ddnet unrelated chat about developers
01:04 < bridge> <Melon> i think it was stated that this chat is development in general, not bound to DDNet
01:04 < bridge> <learath2> Well should ask some other maintainer to step in probably. A bump reaches no one but the people already in there.
01:04 < bridge> <Melon> i think it was stated that this chat is development in general, not bound to DDNet (iirc, ofc)
01:04 < bridge> <Skeith> Guys, the cheated ranks didn't become a problem until
01:04 < bridge> <Skeith> Teero showed up
01:04 < bridge> <Skeith> thoughts?
01:04 < bridge> <Melon> :Hmm:
01:04 < bridge> <Ewan> i also was talking about it a lot in the discord at the time
01:04 < bridge> <Ewan> pretty sure you saw it at the time
01:04 < bridge> <Ewan> idk what else to tell you, it was in the past
01:04 < bridge> <Ewan> i guess next time i make a meaningful contribution (never) i will remember to ping maintainers personally
01:05 < bridge> <Teero> man you have like 5 merged prs that fix minor things
01:05 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah
01:05 < bridge> <Teero> I don't think anybody is expecting anything
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> we established you didn't read the convo
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> so why are you trying to flex your muscles rn
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> there is no expectation that i make a future change
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> i am responding to learath
01:06 < bridge> <Teero> what muscles? I don't have useful prs either
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> pointless naysaying
01:06 < bridge> <Skeith> Let Ewan think you're handsome, Teero
01:06 < bridge> <Skeith> don't be rude
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> he's just a kid
01:06 < bridge> <Ewan> i can't blame him
01:07 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, in general if you disagree with any maintainer and don't think you can convince them otherwise, feel free to try your chance with others. I personally wouldn't mind help advocate your position if I agree
01:07 < bridge> <Ewan> duly noted
01:08 < bridge> <learath2> Specifically in the case of heinrich, I've never seen him not be reasonable, sometimes you'll have to go back and forth for quite a bit, but you'll either find that he convinces you or you convince him to compromise
01:08 < bridge> <Ewan> there have been multiple occasions where he's ghosted me on replies to reviews
01:08 < bridge> <Skeith> Hein's in his over it phase
01:08 < bridge> <Skeith> I blame me
01:09 < bridge> <Skeith> I apologized to him once when I thought QUIC was happening, at least!
01:09 < bridge> <Skeith> all my homies hate bencie
01:10 < bridge> <BenciE> dam
01:10 < bridge> <BenciE> is aw
01:10 < bridge> <BenciE> is saw
01:10 < bridge> <BenciE> that
01:10 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, I've stayed up far past my bedtime. I have an exam tomorrow, wish me luck
01:11 < bridge> <Ewan> good luck. sleep well
01:11 < bridge> <Skeith> Kiss me goodnight
01:11 < bridge> <Ewan> don't let this convo get to u
01:11 < bridge> <BenciE> best of luck
01:11 < bridge> <BenciE> and sleep tightr
01:11 < bridge> <BenciE> and sleep tight
01:11 < bridge> <Skeith> @learath2 üíã
01:11 < bridge> <learath2> Wait a minute, you aren't bencie
01:11 < bridge> <louis> remember e=mc^2 + ai
01:11 < bridge> <BenciE> say wha?
01:11 < bridge> <BenciE> i am BenciE
01:12 < bridge> <Skeith> @mpft If hein doesn't react me with a kiss emoji, you might be right, this place might need to change
01:12 < bridge> <BenciE> or wait
01:12 < bridge> <Skeith> @mpft If Lear doesn't react me with a kiss emoji, you might be right, this place might need to change
01:12 < bridge> <BenciE> the bencie hype is over already?
01:12 < bridge> <Skeith> sorry, got hein on my mind
01:12 < bridge> <Ewan> at least someone appreciates you
01:12 < bridge> <Melon> I'd kiss the shit out of you but you dipped
01:12 < bridge> <Melon> Can't be seen kissin a white name
01:13 < bridge> <greencie> gn everyone
01:13 < bridge> <Ewan> what was that about mods either being naive or power trippin
01:13 < bridge> <Ewan> lol
01:13 < bridge> <Ewan> ü•±
01:13 < bridge> <Skeith> Do you identify as blue now, only support your fellow blues? RACIST
01:13 < bridge> <Melon> lmao, gn
01:13 < bridge> <Skeith> gn
01:13 < bridge> <stormaxd> gngn
01:14 < bridge> <Skeith> We burn this place down, it seems?
01:14 < bridge> <Skeith> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430333421246480404/image.png?ex=68f9654d&is=68f813cd&hm=ff83766c3703ab452b7a56179fe2b623c8f14a7c0a0a6de30109cbefdf0bc4e2&
01:15 < bridge> <Skeith> WAIT WAIT
01:15 < bridge> <Skeith> CALL THE FIRE OFF HE KISSED ME
01:15 < bridge> <Skeith> https://tenor.com/view/good-night-sweet-dreams-sleep-well-gif-1177324096018507659
01:16 < bridge> <Skeith> gl btw
02:41 < bridge> <pioooooo> Morning drama yappers
03:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i mean yeah if you cant die its fine
03:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if we do /r or position rewind + vel reset (if no r exists) on  border kill
03:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> then you only have died in non practice and want to /r and i think thats a thing already
03:55 < bridge> <Ewan> so fucking cool omg
03:55 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430374001426960445/image.png?ex=68f98b19&is=68f83999&hm=52dab8262fab8e0722472ee3ffc178c25d6e2b89b45fb3a2299446cf101e1f03&
03:55 < bridge> <Ewan> i'm so glad the client was able to recover cleanly from this crash so i'm no longer eligible for timeout protection!!!!
03:55 < bridge> <Ewan> i wasn't in a run or anything
04:05 < bridge> <Ewan> i'm so glad the client was able to shutdown cleanly from this error so i'm no longer eligible for timeout protection!!!!
05:40 < bridge> <totar> @learath2 can you let me know if you're planning to review #11058 soonish? I would prefer not to backport it for the next tclient update, which isn't urgent, but I don't want to publish another version with broken updater. I will make any changes or do any tests you require without question.
05:40 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/11058
06:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it may be in a while i cant get re2 to work on anything but ubuntu lmao
06:07 < bridge> <totar> that's fine
06:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> might just manually git clone and include in src for ci
06:08 < bridge> <totar> hmm
06:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> supposedly vcpkg and brew should do it for windows and ubuntu
06:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i cant get it to work
06:09 < bridge> <totar> do we need a libs submodule
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would be nice i guess
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but thats alot of effort
06:09 < bridge> <totar> actually
06:09 < bridge> <totar> I don't think it should be a submodule anyway
06:09 < bridge> <filoqcus> :nouis:
06:09 < bridge> <totar> we can just check it in to main repo
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well re2 wil be the only thing in it
06:09 < bridge> <totar> yeah
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i can build them on other os'
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i can build them on other os'
06:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its just hte ci
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so it would work
06:10 < bridge> <totar> honestly, I'm not sure what the submodule is doing for ddnet, are there multiple repos that use ddnet-libs?
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its because its big
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and optional
06:10 < bridge> <totar> ah
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> even for just re2
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its 4 archs x 4 os
06:10 < bridge> <totar> I forgot about big
06:10 < bridge> <totar> maybe it's useful then
06:10 < bridge> <totar> maybe it's useful for us then
06:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tclient organizaiton ü•∫
06:11 < bridge> <totar> if you want sure
06:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i do want :D
06:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> means u can havea  seperate ddnet for your prs
06:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which me and teero (who else has write) cant... edit them
06:12 < bridge> <totar> lol
06:12 < bridge> <totar> I can still add you to my personal repo if you want to edit my PRs
06:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xd
06:12 < bridge> <totar> this is a crazy button, I didn't know this was possible
06:12 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430408564568100944/image.png?ex=68f9ab49&is=68f859c9&hm=456394e2283afdb4bad5cbfe60d884ae114cfa324b437e7fee61dce9a4062344&
06:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> damn
06:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its probably for accounts which used to act as organizations
06:13 < bridge> <totar> yeah
06:13 < bridge> <totar> like before they had organization feature
06:14 < bridge> <totar> >:(
06:14 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430408976285306910/image.png?ex=68f9abab&is=68f85a2b&hm=9277b6a6b067ed54782cdf5e0c21837805bcaf3fb32f7007a96a093def923412&
06:14 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430408976700538882/image.png?ex=68f9abab&is=68f85a2b&hm=afe532a87bf265088ff11ba5f4889141856d573da38530dd77b6d9c06a5bb6ac&
06:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bruh
06:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> u can rename it later
06:21 < bridge> <totar> https://github.com/TaterClient/TClient
06:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> epic
06:21 < bridge> <totar> you have invite to org
06:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> err
06:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> weird i only got an email
06:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> not a gh notif
06:23 < bridge> <totar> I think all invites work that way
06:23 < bridge> <totar> it's probably a security thing
07:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats a weird thing
07:00 < bridge> <totar> idk it's been this way for many years afaik
07:00 < bridge> <totar> It must be on purpose
07:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if i leave an unattended github its also probably got an unattended email
07:01 < bridge> <totar> when you invite someone it even says "they will recieve an email" or something
07:01 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have also gotten notifs for other invs
07:01 < bridge> <totar> ok well idk where the button to view invites from the website is
07:01 < bridge> <totar> I've never had anyone find it either xd
07:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theres a reason:invitation
07:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> in notifications
07:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i have none
07:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/notifications presummbly
07:03 < bridge> <totar> I have none I guess
07:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well the ones i accepted are ogne
07:03 < bridge> <totar> huh
07:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well the ones i accepted are gone
07:03 < bridge> <totar> is this supposed to tell me when I get mentioned?
07:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yis
07:03 < bridge> <totar> It's never done that
07:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):
07:04 < bridge> <totar> .-.
07:04 < bridge> <totar> why is this the default
07:04 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430421486535184424/image.png?ex=68f9b752&is=68f865d2&hm=f2cb5641cfcac6fc6232386e39a632abbd5d8543fcbbe532bb4f12c30922e3c1&
07:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xddd
09:24 < bridge> <Assa> they can do shit like this, but they aren't able to merge my accounts
09:25 < bridge> <totar> you can transfer ownership of repos to another account
09:25 < bridge> <totar> just not comments
09:25 < bridge> <totar> seems pretty close tho
09:25 < bridge> <Assa> there are more issues, one account is in multiple organisations
09:34 < bridge> <kebscs> Remove email from an acc and add it to the second one
09:34 < bridge> <kebscs> Maybe works, commits are linked to emails
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> ```
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> ...
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> 2025-10-21T22:09:07.993443075+03:00 2025-10-21 19:09:07 I server: invalid id
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> 2025-10-21T22:09:07.993445258+03:00 2025-10-21 19:09:07 I server: invalid id
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> ```
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> I've noticed this weird issue with my fork. The server memory is running out. Any ideas on what might be causing this?
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> This only happens on production, I haven't noticed it on Dev...
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> From what I noticed, the error is clearly written from here.
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> ```cpp
10:13 < bridge> <byfox> int CSnapIdPool::NewId()
10:14 < bridge> <byfox> {
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     int64_t Now = time_get();
10:14 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     // process timed ids
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     while(m_FirstTimed != -1 && m_aIds[m_FirstTimed].m_Timeout < Now)
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>         RemoveFirstTimeout();
10:14 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     int Id = m_FirstFree;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     if(Id == -1)
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     {
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>         dbg_msg("server", "invalid id");
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>         return Id;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     }
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     m_FirstFree = m_aIds[m_FirstFree].m_Next;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     m_aIds[Id].m_State = ID_ALLOCATED;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     m_Usage++;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     m_InUsage++;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox>     return Id;
10:14 < bridge> <byfox> }
10:38 < bridge> <Ewan> patchwork got me tweakin
10:48 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** I would like to think I influenced heinrich into thinking about contributor happiness by doing chores for them. Or did he do work for others like this before already? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9806#issuecomment-3427033575
10:51 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @byfox we need more context the ::NewId() only shows the symptomps the root cause is where you add the ids. Can you trigger it consistently? Is your code public? What is your diff to ddnet?
10:52 < bridge> <byfox> This is a fork of ddnet-insta :)
10:53 < bridge> <byfox> If this happens from CEntry, then it means that the error is in one of the objects
10:55 < bridge> <byfox> gametype: fng
10:55 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:56 < bridge> <byfox> There will be enough changes from upstrean, considering that my controller appears before BasePvp :D
10:56 < bridge> <byfox> 
10:56 < bridge> <byfox> InstaCoreController
10:56 < bridge> <byfox> MyController
10:56 < bridge> <byfox> BasePvpController
11:10 < bridge> <Melon> He offered to help me squash my commits on my first PR afair
11:43 < bridge> <Assa> the only chores I need are reviews and merges
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> and maybe anyone answering my RFCs ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
12:02 < bridge> <learath2> https://youtu.be/unIHTpPG5JA such a cute trick
12:10 < bridge> <Teero> nice hack xd
12:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430498907384709160/image.png?ex=68f9ff6c&is=68f8adec&hm=0da623236986b7cfbb9a1a8ee08c01ab23ddfa72e9f478d8113cb14ac2afbed5&
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> > >  However at least something is rendered, so you don't try to disable the text by setting the text size low instead of using the config variable for enabling/disabling this.
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> > 
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> > I don't think this is something we should concern ourselves with, telling users that they're holding it wrong.
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> > 
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> > Instead, we should strive to optimize usability. This might still be what this PR does, but I don't like the framing.
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> 
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> Can somebody explain to me what heinrich meant by this?
12:35 < bridge> <Assa> Maybe my english is too skillchecked ü§î
12:42 < bridge> <Assa> AFAICT I should not tell the users what they should and should not do, but argue with better usability
12:43 < bridge> <Assa> for me this is kind of the same, just two sides of a medal
12:44 < bridge> <remakepower> I thought that was what heinrich meant.
12:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I cba to read the entire drama backlog from yesterday
12:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> There wasn‚Äôt anything interesting in there anyways right? I scrolled a bit and it just looked like the same old Heinrich bashing
12:58 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: when merge my ci pr üò¨
12:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If you ask me we don‚Äôt have too much Heinrich. In fact we need more Heinrich to speed things up!
12:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ask Heinrich to do it :p
12:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No wait
12:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Lerato
12:58 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I pinged him once, he didn't do anything :feelsbadman:
12:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: stop leave the cat hanging üê± üêà üêà‚Äç‚¨õ
12:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He spammed entire discord yesterday
12:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He has time to click merge on single word yaml engineering
13:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He likes to be dominated
13:00 < bridge> <milkeeycat> llvm pr has the same level of activity as ci one
13:00 < bridge> <learath2> Gimme pr number
13:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: go merge https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/11040 or I take away your maintainer rights
13:04 < bridge> <learath2> Was that not there to fix msvc putting the output in some weird folder?
13:04 < bridge> <learath2> What is the warning given?
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> Manually-specified variables were not used by the project:
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> 
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat>     CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_RELEASE
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ```
13:06 < bridge> <milkeeycat> build type is `dev` but output directory is set for `release`
13:07 < bridge> <milkeeycat> build type is `debug` but output directory is set for `release`
13:09 < bridge> <learath2> I guess we don‚Äôt build with vs/msvc on github actions anyway
13:10 < bridge> <learath2> Nvm we still do, did you make sure the artifacts are still fine for windows?
13:12 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://github.com/MilkeeyCat/ddnet/blob/40867dfda434af63636b01ec5e9986f6eab1bbbe/.github/workflows/clang-tidy.yml I don't see where `clang-tidy` workflow runs on windows, am I blind?
13:14 < bridge> <learath2> Ah you only removed it from `clang-tidy` now I see
13:15 < bridge> <learath2> Was looking at it on my phone there, yeah that sounds fine
13:15 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon: Why didn't you merge it anyway?
14:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> :lol:
14:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430537008996028527/image.png?ex=68fa22e9&is=68f8d169&hm=668cda2cb27c77085368ad2b64fffbf618413059645bf42e108f6fe03dab0e39&
15:22 < bridge> <jxsl13> @milkeeycat Go mentioned, again!
15:58 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i didnt merge it because you added it and you are still around i pinged you and hoped you see the ping and merge it after 5mins
16:02 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: learath wasn't even the one who commited the file xdd
16:04 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** oh
16:04 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i thought we blamed him
16:05 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** long ass brancher catto `pr_remove_DCMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY_RELEASE`
16:05 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
17:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Heinrichs hate for docker is bigger than his love for the planet ü•Ä ‚úàÔ∏è üíÖ
17:29 < bridge> <Assa> @jupeyy_keks just implemented hook line shortening followup üòé hook line stops at the hitbox here, I could also make it stop at the player radius
17:29 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430578707155914752/test-hook-line_2025-10-22_17-27-04.mp4?ex=68fa49be&is=68f8f83e&hm=058480ed076ad49a17ac3d1aabc95470ecdef5c9ce1ede988423518bc3b0c3da&
17:31 < bridge> <learath2> I missed #11111
17:31 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/11111
17:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> in rust we trust
20:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ah yeah, tbh idc anymore, as long it's consistent somehow xd
20:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> old one felt consistent somehow
20:52 < bridge> <Assa> idk, didn't feel that consistent to me, but it really depends on what you're using the hookline for e.g. hooking solids or hooking players
20:53 < bridge> <Assa> greater problem were the performance issues the old one was able to cause tbh
20:54 < bridge> <milkeeycat> is it just me or https://ddnet.org/players/ takes a long time to load?
20:55 < bridge> <Assa> but you can directly search for the player name like this: https://ddnet.org/players/Assa/
20:55 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ye I know, it also takes a long time :\
20:56 < bridge> <bombencie> same for me
20:56 < bridge> <Assa> for me it loaded smoothly oO
20:56 < bridge> <Assa> idk, maybe region dependend
20:57 < bridge> <Assa> maybe database was in aws us-east
21:01 < bridge> <timakro> @essigautomat when merged I need this in a unique mod rebase :P
21:17 < bridge> <Assa> I already assumed üòÑ and I already commented on your PR
21:17 < bridge> <Assa> pipeline is angry rn
21:23 < bridge> <kebscs> this looks like it stops before player
21:23 < bridge> <kebscs> not at him
21:24 < bridge> <kebscs> and small skin like pou would have even bigger gap
21:24 < bridge> <Assa> > hook line stops at the hitbox here, I could also make it stop at the player radius
21:24 < bridge> <Assa> ...
21:24 < bridge> <kebscs> idk make it better üëç
21:24 < bridge> <Ewan> hi developers
21:25 < bridge> <kebscs> hi ewan
21:25 < bridge> <Assa> no problem, I am just collecting opinions here
21:25 < bridge> <Ewan> resisting the urge to post local politics
21:25 < bridge> <Assa> idk how you can resist as an american
21:25 < bridge> <Ewan> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF55-buqtFs
21:25 < bridge> <Ewan> did i talk about this before
21:26 < bridge> <Ewan> the mayor of my city accepted a contract for like $498,000 or something after the initial one for over $1,000,000 was unanimously voted against by the council
21:26 < bridge> <Ewan> 12-0
21:26 < bridge> <Ewan> for these "license plate reader" cameras that really have a centralized database that any customer (government, private company, whoever has money) can tap into
21:27 < bridge> <Ewan> because anything above $500,000 must be voted on by the city council
21:27 < bridge> <Assa> great lawful system you got there
21:28 < bridge> <Assa> would be a shame if sb would abuse that
21:28 < bridge> <Ewan> sure would be
21:31 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> murica
21:45 < bridge> <kebscs> how to add demo marker
21:50 < bridge> <robyt3> `add_demomarker` while recording a demo
21:51 < bridge> <robyt3> Would be more useful with #7281
21:51 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7281
21:51 < bridge> <robyt3> Changing markers like this doesn't seem feasible with the demo format though
21:51 < bridge> <kebscs> yea i was thinking marking it while playing the demo
21:52 < bridge> <kebscs> like middle mouse on the playing bar places marker
21:52 < bridge> <kebscs> like middle mouse on the demo progress bar places marker
21:53 < bridge> <kebscs> add_demomarker while in game kinda useless
21:53 < bridge> <kebscs> and add_demomarker doesnt tell me i cant use it in demo
21:57 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, should support the command also while playing a demo. And something like middle click to add/remove a marker seems good.
21:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430646799865086106/image.png?ex=68fa8929&is=68f937a9&hm=85bb6b61b7278056e23bc335c0a5f95f603f2e631dcd13b7152e976197281ea4&
22:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddnet.org/players/?player=Dreamless
22:01 < bridge> <louis> so are the shotgun freeze bullets / spinning lasers synced across all teams?
22:03 < bridge> <Ewan> i think the query parameter is not necessary but it's still timing out for me
22:03 < bridge> <louis> damn
22:03 < bridge> <louis> =that's so troll then
22:03 < bridge> <louis> projectiles are such a mess in general
22:05 < bridge> <kebscs> spinning lasers spin the same for all teams as far i can tell
22:05 < bridge> <kebscs> but can be turned off on some teams
22:05 < bridge> <kebscs> bullets probably too bcs all of this operates on server tick, so not tied to a team
22:06 < bridge> <louis> uhh
22:06 < bridge> <louis> i think what happens is the spinning laser still does collision, but it checks owner char's team
22:07 < bridge> <louis> it kinda sucks though cause now i'm forced to write spaghetti code
22:08 < bridge> <kebscs> idk what you mean, but yes it has collision check
22:08 < bridge> <kebscs> so it always exists, just checks if it should send you the entity/collision checks before hit
22:09 < bridge> <louis> ye
22:09 < bridge> <louis> i don't like that it always exists for all teams
22:09 < bridge> <louis> idk. because it makes entity-entity logic a lot messier
22:09 < bridge> <louis> since neither entity 'has' a team, i just have to loop over all teams now
22:09 < bridge> <kebscs> idk seems good to me, it exists once, not for all teams
22:10 < bridge> <kebscs> idk seems good to me, it exists once, not for all teams then just sends state if needed
22:14 < bridge> <louis> lmao its getting stuck xd
22:14 < bridge> <louis> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1430650569844064396/switch_2025-10-22_16-13-51.mp4?ex=68fa8cac&is=68f93b2c&hm=bd0ba21858b5af9687f810f8654dedac79fa4a4e6928238de963dd26165eb201&
22:15 < bridge> <kebscs> add delay before it can hit the same target üëç
22:17 < bridge> <louis> yeah that's probably the eaiest fix since i dont think there is interpolated collision for projectiles :/
22:17 < bridge> <louis> still seems soooo spaghetti
23:02 < bridge> <big eyed bencie> yummy
23:02 < bridge> <Teero> why delay? just check for air before hitting the same target again
23:03 < bridge> <Teero> delay is spaghetti
23:03 < bridge> <Teero> why delay? just make sure you hit air before hitting the same target again
23:13 < bridge> <kebscs> first thing that came to my mind, yours is better if works
23:33 < bridge> <louis> lowkey facts
23:33 < bridge> <louis> it should work
23:50 < bridge> <louis> nvm it doesn't
23:51 < bridge> <louis> i think it's cause it can hit air but then re-hit the same target switch cause the target switches move fast with blue arrows
23:56 < bridge> <kebscs> the arrows make them jump around, instead of moving smoothly
23:57 < bridge> <kebscs> so not sure how that works with your check
