00:07 < bridge> <Assa> I can't remember who introduced me into teeworlds programming back then
00:07 < bridge> <Assa> but i remember he did some ... questionable stuff
00:10 < bridge> <soulyvevo> chillerdragon: when programming tutorials on ddnet codebase
00:11 < bridge> <vahemaaa> chillerdragon's amazing skills introduced me into teeworlds programming but im the least pro dev :monkaS:
00:11 < bridge> <Assa> I can't compile tag 19.3
00:11 < bridge> <Assa> I get a linker error: `[build] backend_sdl.obj : error LNK2019: Verweis auf nicht aufgel‚îú√Çstes externes Symbol "SDL_FlashWindow" in Funktion ""public: virtual void __cdecl CGraphicsBackend_SDL_GL::NotifyWindow(void)" (?NotifyWindow@CGraphicsBackend_SDL_GL@@UEAAXXZ)". `
00:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I bet your sub modules switched when u did the unique thing
00:38 < bridge> <teero777> fuck floats
00:39 < bridge> <teero777> `int(sqrt(int(x))) = int(sqrt(x))` is the same mathematically but not with floats
00:39 < bridge> <teero777> meaning i have to undo an optimization
00:39 < bridge> <teero777> meaning i need to do an actual sqrt. meaning i loose a lot of perf
00:52 < bridge> <kebscs> flock of tees üíî
01:00 < bridge> <teero777> the live deep in the ocean...
01:00 < bridge> <teero777> someone should make a documentary about everyday tee life
01:19 < bridge> <louis> isnt it not the same mathematicslly if int() just truncates decimals
01:19 < bridge> <totar> yeah
01:19 < bridge> <totar> it's not even close
02:42 < bridge> <teero777> It is the same
02:43 < bridge> <teero777> wdym. Ofc it's the same
02:45 < bridge> <louis> ya i read it again and its the same
03:12 < bridge> <totar> hmm
03:12 < bridge> <totar> It depends on the float to int conversion
03:13 < bridge> <totar> It works with floor but not round
03:13 < bridge> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386514449464299632/Screenshot_20250622_201311_Chrome.jpg?ex=6859fbb4&is=6858aa34&hm=861299f048b77ba444d8b9a9f2b3448c6d69e29262feee006468b3b503a13826&
04:48 < bridge> <sivanzxc_21583> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218380294291596/1386532428251926749/image.png?ex=685a0c73&is=6858baf3&hm=c249a10926fa741c2d2f69ded2cd43173d53d6477756ed0796462d086193b020&
04:48 < bridge> <sivanzxc_21583> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218380294291596/1386532460950454282/image.png?ex=685a0c7b&is=6858bafb&hm=fcd522db7ef8b4147a3403ec07faafa1eedebec1c73b14fc476280385b645a12&
04:48 < bridge> <sivanzxc_21583> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218127809904712/1384989602661666876/image.png?ex=6859b595&is=68586415&hm=aa7d38038bdd656fa0bc629672214d5c0a69411cc6239e5a855f3b914594de0b&
04:48 < bridge> <sivanzxc_21583> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1384218127809904712/1385671219659145369/image.png?ex=68598d63&is=68583be3&hm=6adc4ce9c417ab77353eac3e5de8ff09a0de1de4ff0e19041667cf9b79ec27da&
05:43 < bridge> <teero777> int() means truncation usually
07:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah int truncates
07:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> isqrt
07:28 < bridge> <Ewan> same
07:48 < bridge> <louis> if u still need this i just got the base model ü§£
07:49 < bridge> <louis> time to port ddnet to ios
08:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Neat. Fix all our Mac problems üò¨ 
08:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
08:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Currently i don't need it tho, +kz tested all the things i needed :deen_star:
08:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Would be interesting. Can you even install the game without the Apple store xd
08:36 < bridge> <louis> ye u can run apps on your one phones but to distribute need to pay $100 a year or whatever
08:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> And probably our app doesn't satisfy their tos, if that is already the case on play store
08:42 < bridge> <fikus (tela)> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/src/engine/client/keynames.h
08:42 < bridge> <fikus (tela)> 
08:42 < bridge> <fikus (tela)> this list shows f1-f24 as available keycodes, but the game doesnt seem to recognize f20-f24.  Is this the case for anyone else?
09:49 < bridge> <Assa> good morning ^.^
09:49 < bridge> <Assa> anybody an idea how to set precision dynamically?
09:49 < bridge> <Assa> `                str_format(aBuf, sizeof(aBuf),
09:49 < bridge> <Assa>                     "%5.*f second(s) worse, better luck next time.",
09:49 < bridge> <Assa>                     Diff, Precision);`
09:50 < bridge> <Assa> Precision is either 2 or 3, but I get 0.000000 seconds worse ü§î
09:52 < bridge> <Assa> okay I need to swap Precision and Diff, I don't know why, only c format knows why
09:58 < bridge> <totar> are we even on the android store?
10:08 < bridge> <Assa> at least not at google play store, checked
10:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> according to robyte we violate tos, since we provide content over network (e.g. downloaded maps)
10:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/1277345584080097320/1315780208351252520
10:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> User generated content to be precise
10:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Well ig it's mostly about moderation of content and chat
10:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Soon
10:15 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Don‚Äôt use floats
10:18 < bridge> <Assa> so it wraps back to accounts and report functionality
10:18 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Aren‚Äôt there any mobile games with chat?
10:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Even without accounts. I recently played one on iOS
10:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So geometry dash is also banned in google play?
10:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Why
10:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno any mobile games with chats. But as corrected, I think it's mostly about moderation
10:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You need a report button ingame
10:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Geometry dash also has user made maps
10:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Can you report the maps?
10:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We have a mute button in game that‚Äôs even faster than report
10:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ah idk
10:22 < bridge> <Assa> it's about moderation, I could host my own cinema server or put pornographic images into a map, we can't report that from ingame
10:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno how the geometry dash editor looks like, but I assume it's also about if the users can add specific visuals
10:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You know
10:23 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Like custom assets
10:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs limited
10:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But you can get creative
10:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Same in Minecraft
10:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Can‚Äôt you join public servers there
10:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Chat is moderated yes but idk if you can report severs
10:24 < bridge> <totar> we're not providing user made maps over the network
10:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We are?
10:24 < bridge> <totar> it's not the same thing as permissionless map sharing
10:25 < bridge> <totar> every map is approved by us
10:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They aren‚Äôt
10:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> chillerdragon: but microsoft has lawyers
10:25 < bridge> <totar> it's like completely different
10:25 < bridge> <totar> I promise
10:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @jupeyy_keks: we too!
10:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We have lawyer jupsoti
10:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You can just join any server you want xD
10:25 < bridge> <totar> ah right
10:26 < bridge> <totar> I forgot about that xd
10:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If you limit the servers to ddnet only, then maybe yes
10:26 < bridge> <Assa> we would probably need to add a warning message for servers outside of ddnets "official" severs for a content warning
10:26 < bridge> <totar> hmm
10:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But that is not plural
10:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> FSK 18 Servers
10:26 < bridge> <robyt3> We need that, privacy policy and TOS in any case
10:26 < bridge> <totar> does minecraft let you join other servers?
10:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Come follow me on Shrek the movie server
10:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I think so
10:27 < bridge> <Assa> I could help with the latter, privacy policy is very easy, do we collect any user data except IP adresses?
10:28 < bridge> <robyt3> That depends on the definition of user data I guess
10:28 < bridge> <robyt3> For example Teehistorian
10:29 < bridge> <Assa> i'd argue this isn't sensible user data
10:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You have to be really specific
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I did some privacy policies for german websites b4
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> e.g.
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://www.ldi.nrw.de/datenschutz/medien-und-technik/websites-muster-fuer-datenschutzhinweise
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> section 2a.
10:30 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That alone probs has to go in simply bcs we contact http servers
10:31 < bridge> <Assa> imagine a user asking us to forget all about him, what would we need to delete?
10:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Mhh I dunno, but at least user related information like name etc.
10:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Afaik you can to a certain degree also just make them anon in your logs etc.
10:34 < bridge> <Assa> I am sure I couldn't track anyone from ddnet data alone, except if he posted his name and adress in clear chat
10:34 < bridge> <Assa> I am sure I couldn't track anyone from ddnet data alone, except if he posted his name and adress in clear chat, even if I tried to
10:35 < bridge> <Assa> closest obtainable info is the ip adress, where I could find out some region he probably lives in (assuming no vpn)
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> do logs even show whispers?
10:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No
10:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But our whole traffic is unencrypted
10:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That alone is probably a huge red flag xDD
10:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Dunno if google TOS mentions it
10:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> with 128 players you could create an 11*11 grid of tees
10:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and make a video of 0.2fps
10:49 < bridge> <teero777> Tell that ddnet physics
11:08 < bridge> <chairn> I think it's "%.2f" for 2 decimals after point
11:15 < bridge> <Assa> yes, but I want a configurable amound of decimals
11:15 < bridge> <Assa> yes, but I want a configurable amount of decimals
11:16 < bridge> <Assa> and apparently I need to set the precision before the number and not vice versa
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> you can sprintf/str_format the string twice otherwise
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> ```c
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> str_format(aBuf, sizeof(aBuf), "%%.%df second", precision);
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> str_format(aBuf, sizeof(aBuf), aBuf, second);
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> ```
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> Not sure if same pointer as input and output is allowed though
11:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):<
11:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is my name more sparkly than before?
11:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> feels like it
12:14 < bridge> <jxsl13> ips only. you do not save personal data other than that.
12:15 < bridge> <jxsl13> and if your ip logs are deleted after 7 days, then you don't need tondo anything, at least that's what I'm witnessing where I work üëÄ
12:30 < bridge> <Assa> what do I need to do in order to activate the classid hud in the client with the server? Like being able to take damage
12:30 < bridge> <Assa> ```
12:30 < bridge> <Assa>     if(g_Config.m_SvHealthAndAmmo)
12:30 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags2 &= ~GAMEINFOFLAG_UNLIMITED_AMMO;
12:30 < bridge> <Assa> ```
12:30 < bridge> <Assa> this seems not to do the trick
12:31 < bridge> <Assa> maybe I need to deactivate this flags? `pGameInfoEx->m_Flags2 = GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_DDRACE | GAMEINFOFLAG2_DDRACE_TEAM;`
12:32 < bridge> <Assa> okay first it should be m_Flags in this case (and not Flags2)
12:35 < bridge> <Assa> nope no idea
12:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Flags are not well designed it you ask me
12:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I forgot how exactly maybe add GAMEINFOFLAG\_GAMETYPE\_VANILLA and remove gametype ddrace or something like that
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> isn't vanilla reserved for pure vanilla servers?
12:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No
12:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Vanilla can‚Äôt send flags
13:01 < bridge> <Assa> nope, doesn't do the trick:
13:01 < bridge> <Assa> ```
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>     if(g_Config.m_SvHealthAndAmmo)
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>     {
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags &= ~(GAMEINFOFLAG_UNLIMITED_AMMO | GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_DDNET);
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags |= GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_VANILLA;
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags2 &= ~(GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_DDRACE | GAMEINFOFLAG2_DDRACE_TEAM);
13:01 < bridge> <Assa>     }
13:01 < bridge> <Assa> ```
13:04 < bridge> <Assa> and I tripple checked that my hud is activated, the server currently shows no hud
13:04 < bridge> <Assa> and I tripple checked that my hud is activated, the server currently shows no hud (top left9
13:04 < bridge> <Assa> and I tripple checked that my hud is activated, the server currently shows no hud (top left)
13:05 < bridge> <Assa> maybe I am turning the hud off in general with the hud_ddrace flag?
13:07 < bridge> <Assa> ~~maybe I am turning the hud off in general with the hud_ddrace flag?~~ Nope :pepeW:
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> some reverse engineering showed me, I need to set Flags2 & GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_HEALTH_ARMOR;
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> now I at least see the health and ammo bar
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> now I at least see the health and shield bar
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> and ammo was trivial with the next flag
13:47 < bridge> <0xfaulty> hmm, any updates?
15:01 < bridge> <learath2> I didn't like your other idea as much. And I don't see anywhere better to put it myself. So I'll merge as is
15:02 < bridge> <learath2> I had a busy weekend just didnt have time to sneak it in
15:03 < bridge> <Assa> Next the client thinks, that health and armor is freezing ist or stealing it's weapon :justatest:  I don't know what I need to set to deactivate that
15:11 < bridge> <filoqcus> wtf where the numbers, what's A5, FF
15:11 < bridge> <filoqcus> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386695125593231450/image.png?ex=685aa3f9&is=68595279&hm=33551e6505147c4fee3b6cc2549340045c588557722cdf8216418b6f8bc612cb&
15:11 < bridge> <filoqcus> üò≠
15:11 < bridge> <Assa> okay I need to deactivate `GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE` and set `GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_VANILLA` ofc, I wonder what breaks now since it's still ddnet
15:12 < bridge> <Assa> you set hex in the options, go to tools -> DEC instead of HEX
15:12 < bridge> <filoqcus> Thank!
15:12 < bridge> <Assa> I mean settings but your welcome
15:15 < bridge> <zhn> ranks xd
15:16 < bridge> <zhn> although there's no clear relation to user as a human being
15:16 < bridge> <zhn> why 0.2
15:17 < bridge> <zhn> 50 fps at max
15:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tees can only change skins every 5s
15:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> without server assistance
15:24 < bridge> <zhn> so you think you can gather and sync 128 players just to try out showing off shrek 2 in 0.2fps and 11p
15:24 < bridge> <zhn> :justatest:
15:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it would be incredibly funny
15:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 121 players
15:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 7 get to watch
15:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you can do 12*10 aswell and 8 get to watch
15:25 < bridge> <zhn> so each one has to have config flip flop with all needed skins for whole movie
15:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yes
15:25 < bridge> <zhn> this probably will outweigh shrek 2 itself xd
15:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you only need 60 real people
15:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cuz dummies
15:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> "only"
15:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you could also do only 40 real people if you have 3 connected with 2 clients and ahk script to control
15:26 < bridge> <zhn> you will sync out in first 3 frames i believe xd
15:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you can use the current predicted tick to sync
15:26 < bridge> <zhn> you can also just use modified server
15:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah but thats less funny
15:27 < bridge> <zhn> or code a tool that will generate quads and envelopes that mimic movie
15:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> heyo
15:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> any easy issue open?
15:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> might do a pr or smth
15:53 < bridge> <Assa> oh yeah my ign is `nameless Tee`, please delete all of my records
16:03 < ChillerDragon> @learath2 when check the nudes i sent you on irc
16:04 < bridge> <learath2> I'll be home in an hour. Ran out of battery on my laptop and am on train
16:05 < bridge> <kebscs> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10382>
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill try to do a pr of smth that bugged me
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> and since the person withholding that seems afk
16:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> maybe it gets in
16:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah that looks easy
16:14 < bridge> <sans._.> :owo:
16:15 < bridge> <sans._.> ah im blind
16:15 < bridge> <sans._.> ill wait
16:20 < bridge> <melon> @jupeyy_keks Look what they need just to mimic a fraction of our power
16:20 < bridge> <melon> 
16:20 < bridge> <melon> :cat_cracked_hehe:
16:22 < bridge> <melon> @jupeyy_keks Look what they need just to mimic a fraction of (y)our power
16:22 < bridge> <melon> 
16:22 < bridge> <melon> :cat_cracked_hehe:
16:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kebscs: can we establish the wording ddrace team? When you say team info I think about red, blue and spectators
16:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Sadly the code base also suffers from that confusing wording in a few places
16:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Sneaking in PRs while Heinrich is afk? Xd
16:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Time for some sneaky \#7777 prs
16:25 < bridge> <melon> :angy:
16:26 < bridge> <melon> ryo quick, revert 7777
16:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Heinrich can open revert PRs but nobody will merge them because deen the merge machine is also afk
16:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Heinrich trying to revert spec info since 3 months https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9932
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> delete
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> dont remind of it
16:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> oops
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> good feature noone complaining
16:27 < bridge> <kebscs> all around positive vibes
16:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then close Heinrich pr
16:28 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont have the power
16:28 < bridge> <kebscs> waiting for maintainer recrutation
16:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Actually I do
16:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But I don‚Äôt have the balls to do so
16:28 < bridge> <kebscs> idk, when i think of team it hink of 1-64
16:28 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont play vanilla
16:29 < bridge> <kebscs> idk, when i think of team i think of 1-64
16:29 < bridge> <kebscs> could be split into ddrace team and vanilla team i guess
16:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ddrace also has team red and spectators
16:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And the ddnet client supports red and blue too
16:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You want to rename existing occurrences of just team to vanilla team?
16:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Let‚Äôs just go with team and ddrace team
16:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It needs only a few renames in ddnet code
16:31 < bridge> <kebscs> yea
16:31 < bridge> <kebscs> also in your moving teams to cpp pr you missed few funcs that can be made const
16:31 < bridge> <Tezcan> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/5593
16:31 < bridge> <kebscs> IsPractice etc
16:31 < bridge> <kebscs> GetPlayer
16:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> @kebscs i closed it
16:34 < bridge> <kebscs> üéâ
16:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> balls
16:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Was nice having you as maintainer ryo
16:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
16:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> he can always reopen if he is interested
16:35 < bridge> <kebscs> merge some prs while youre at it
16:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> i always been in favour of closing stalled stuff
16:35 < bridge> <kebscs> can always rever later :p
16:35 < bridge> <kebscs> can always revert later :p
16:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill see some prs after im done with some work
16:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> also ill do that pr
16:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10148
16:36 < bridge> <kebscs> most of these are already in game
16:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But tbh what we need more than opening PRs is closing PRs @ryozuki
16:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kebscs: oh yes? Could you link some PRs in the issue so I can check them off?
16:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Robyte is the sith lord, we can't stand a chance bro
16:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But Heinrich does not want that
16:38 < bridge> <kebscs> testmaplocally is added
16:38 < bridge> <melon> :(
16:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He does not like constant methods that return pointers
16:39 < bridge> <kebscs> alright
16:39 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The other one uses GameServer()
16:40 < bridge> <kebscs> so you cant mark it even if GameServer()->PracticeByDefault() is const?
16:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah i know but i als owant to contribute some from months to months xd
16:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill take a look at prs soon
16:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Better convert him to the bright side using the trust lang hehe
16:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
16:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I have so few time lately sadly for the project, trying to get a new job very actively rn.
16:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
16:40 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I wish it would not just die üò¨
16:40 < bridge> <kebscs> plenty of prs where its approved by roby but waiting for another maintainer to check
16:41 < bridge> <melon> jupsti dont worry i have designer cooking up something rn
16:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yea fucked up right? Unless we add a const gameserver getter but then we can also call non const gameserver methods and Heinrich doesn‚Äôt like that
16:41 < bridge> <melon> and i'll work on ddnet-rs UI
16:41 < bridge> <melon> :owo:
16:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> epyc
16:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> i love these  cuz robyt is a good reviewer so i dont have many doubts merging
16:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> soon ‚Ñ¢
16:41 < bridge> <melon> (in like 2 years when life stops hitting me with life)
16:41 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> understandable
16:47 < bridge> <melon> xd when i'm bored at work i scroll through PR's and read roby's requested changes
16:47 < bridge> <melon> 
16:47 < bridge> <melon> thats basically my daily leetcode
16:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Sounds like death
16:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Chillerdragon cannot relate
16:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
16:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> does someone know where we get colors for each team
16:59 < bridge> <kebscs> GetDDTeamColor
16:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> ty
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386728391666831421/image.png?ex=685ac2f4&is=68597174&hm=dd88046c693a472e197b4d22f23e7cd84b0866c6a6a4ce80b61126aa6cf0c753&
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> i choose a less intrusive way because the bg color already has lot of funcionality
17:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> `PlayerBackgroundColor(bool Friend, bool Clan, bool Afk, bool Inside)`
17:24 < ChillerDragon> inside of what xd
17:24 < bridge> <louis> u should group them by team
17:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> thats another pr
17:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> so i can get more commits in
17:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> ü§ì
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok but maybe robyt will want it sorted
17:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> ithink they are already sorted by time somewhere
17:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> `std::sort(pEntry->m_Info.m_aClients, pEntry->m_Info.m_aClients + Info.m_NumReceivedClients, CPlayerScoreNameLess(pEntry->m_Info.m_ClientScoreKind));`
17:28 < bridge> <kebscs> cant really tell what the number means
17:28 < bridge> <soulyvevo> üòç üòç üòç
17:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> i thought about adding a header with all the info
17:30 < bridge> <kebscs> i thought if its sorted like in scoreboard with backgrounds it would be self explainatory without extra field
17:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> the background already has lot of utility built in
17:31 < bridge> <kebscs> isnt it mostly unused
17:32 < bridge> <kebscs> looks like there is just afk indicator - slightly darker
17:32 < bridge> <kebscs> and green for friends
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386730729291124846/image.png?ex=685ac522&is=685973a2&hm=4cc80413c454b8db7fd98e7ada24b68eaf7a01d20b020f92e2621350644d07f4&
17:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> like in scoreboard, teams last
17:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> i can remove the team if its 0 and it should be more than obvious
17:33 < bridge> <kebscs> to me the numbers are confusing
17:33 < bridge> <kebscs> probably not good ui practice
17:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386731077699109067/image.png?ex=685ac575&is=685973f5&hm=64f680a96017b441d0e2295bb9e3e40cd69e9b4477bde22ca1842daa30e34012&
17:35 < bridge> <louis> bg for afk and friends doesnt make sense anyways
17:36 < bridge> <louis> ideally ui indicators should be the same in the server browser and ingame
17:36 < bridge> <louis> so friends become hearts , afk becomes zzz icon
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> kek
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386731632672899102/image.png?ex=685ac5f9&is=68597479&hm=db71cf4e78d8835c934da21461bb1cd8529dfa5b707b3ea48ee43ad6cc507a85&
17:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> are icons easy to render
17:37 < bridge> <kebscs> but he plays the game
17:37 < bridge> <kebscs> ask someone that doesnt
17:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Me when renderplayer can't do everything related to rendering players: SHSODKDJWHWIWOANSGUDOANWBWQJDODPNS
17:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i need to brb but ill look at it somewhen
17:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> if someone can define an exact layout that is ui acceptable i would be glad
17:39 < bridge> <kebscs> my gf says number of tries on the map
17:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> @kebscs
17:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386733065564454963/image.png?ex=685ac74f&is=685975cf&hm=77f75a10ab63fd4ba7032561dbf59de2885a4103ec7b16afab54580e6ab29a40&
17:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> :nouis:
17:42 < bridge> <kebscs> Heart can be a text icon like in nameplate
17:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> we could show a row of icons
17:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> like bufs in a mmo
17:44 < bridge> <kebscs> :f3:
18:07 < ChillerDragon> lerato
18:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> just filter out players in teams in master they are never interesting anways
18:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ddrace teams*
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> io uring is no available on macos right?
18:30 < bridge> <kebscs> how do people accidently press ctrl shift G üò≠
18:35 < bridge> <zhn> smash the keyboard
18:36 < bridge> <zhn> groupping rect with slight coloring would be better imho
19:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> @essigautomat do u solemly swear to take care of render bugs if ur pr causes them in future releases?
19:28 < bridge> <vahemaaa> ahahahah rozuyiki securing his job
19:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> merges incoming
19:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386760729184440370/image.png?ex=685ae112&is=68598f92&hm=9d6634ac74a4e1d9792e4485e0f0fe7742352d105f61fa33ce1ec1c4ca76d1df&
19:32 < bridge> <kebscs> :justatest:
19:33 < bridge> <kebscs> @ryozuki what about #10092 #10000 #9733
19:33 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10092
19:33 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10000
19:33 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9733
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> im still going through the list
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
19:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> and maybe some give conflicts
19:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> @kebscs can u do 128 player
19:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> well done forn ow
19:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> there are like 10 prs in queue
19:43 < bridge> <kebscs> would love to but the player mapping thing is too confusing
19:45 < bridge> <kebscs> what about <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9733>
19:48 < bridge> <zhn> looks like something that still needs a discussion
19:48 < bridge> <kebscs> its just 1s delay when gamemode isnt ddnet and you die
19:48 < bridge> <kebscs> can be changed later if the solution is wrong
19:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> idc about other gaemodes so u can get another maintainer for this
19:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
19:49 < bridge> <zhn> i mean it's open topic that's why it will not be merged right away
19:49 < bridge> <zhn> especially if heinrichs in charge
19:50 < bridge> <kebscs> @chillerdragon
19:51 < bridge> <kebscs> i also rarely play other modes
19:51 < bridge> <kebscs> but its just annoying on zcatch
19:51 < bridge> <zhn> that's also case on lms lts gamemodes
19:51 < bridge> <kebscs> i fixed his concern so idk now
19:52 < bridge> <zhn> can it just have 0.5s delay for any mode? ino one would notice it anyway
19:52 < bridge> <kebscs> too low
19:52 < bridge> <zhn> no one*
19:53 < bridge> <kebscs> and for ddrace no delay for sure
19:53 < bridge> <zhn> is your reaction time higher than 500 ms
19:53 < bridge> <kebscs> ddrace you intentionally go into spec so you can instantly click someone
19:54 < bridge> <kebscs> on modes like zcatch it forces you into spec when you dont expect it so its annoying
19:54 < bridge> <kebscs> + the zcatch spectate is kinda slow so theres delay after switching target
19:54 < bridge> <kebscs> so you cant easily go back
19:54 < bridge> <zhn> insta spec thing never works for me the way it should btw
19:54 < bridge> <zhn> i need to click like 3 times just to capture player i need
19:55 < bridge> <kebscs> skill isue maybe
19:55 < bridge> <kebscs> or server lag
19:56 < bridge> <zhn> infamous skill issue to capture the player right in the center of your viewport xd
19:57 < bridge> <zhn> it's not really related to original issue, had this one too frequently to be silent
19:58 < bridge> <kebscs> hm yea
19:58 < bridge> <kebscs> i think i also couldnt spectate someone if few players were close to eachother
19:58 < bridge> <kebscs> but delay on zcatch is other issue
20:03 < bridge> <kebscs> some commit broke merge queue üòÇ
20:03 < bridge> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/queue/master
20:03 < bridge> <kebscs> @essigautomat looks like something with maplayers
20:03 < bridge> <kebscs> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/queue/master>
20:04 < bridge> <Assa> I swear that I'll fix bugs, when I created them and I am not drunk or on vacation
20:06 < bridge> <Assa> I don't know what's happening in the merge queue? I know my PR went through and that it has to collide with the subcomponent thing
20:10 < bridge> <Assa> oh yeah that is exactly what happened
20:14 < bridge> <Assa> it's just "OnInit" from the new CGroupRenderLayer, which needs to use the new subcomponent interface with `GameClient()` and `Client()` instead of `m_pClient` and whatever
20:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @ryozuki u live dangerous ignoring heinrich review üò¨
20:27 < bridge> <Assa> which one do you mean btw? I got some merged, which I consider ... spicy
20:28 < bridge> <Assa> Okay I mean the shader one ... :kek:
20:34 < bridge> <kebscs> like hes going to review
20:37 < bridge> <Assa> I think for 128 players the scoreboard needs some love again üôà
20:37 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386777151939936446/screenshot_2025-06-23_20-36-14.png?ex=685af05e&is=68599ede&hm=a9a89f91e936d1c08bc4036428f64e3d22c8e7144f0322fc96313ec25e408544&
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> is it not possible to always fill out the scoreboard?
20:38 < bridge> <kebscs> so theres not half of empty space if 65 connected
20:38 < bridge> <Assa> glad you think the same
21:00 < bridge> <melon> :feelsbadman:  poor 10K
21:00 < bridge> <melon> Should've kept it open
21:01 < bridge> <robyt3> Please queue #10314 again
21:01 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10314
21:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> done
21:09 < bridge> <melon> is there a reason maintainers dont add their own PR's? safety precaution?
21:10 < bridge> <milkeeycat> if something breaks it's not their fault :santatrollet:
21:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think we can even do it if it's approved by another maintainer
21:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But somehow nobody does it anyway
21:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Probs considered bad style
21:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Meanwhile in other repos
21:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ...
21:13 < bridge> <melon> i PR and merge before the checks are done because i dont trust tests
21:13 < bridge> <melon> ü§∑
21:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I merge bcs I am alone
21:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ü´†
21:16 < bridge> <melon> i'd ask for maintainer on ddnet-rs, but it belongs to DDRace und co kg now :(
21:16 < bridge> <milkeeycat> if you're alone, you push straight to the branch
21:17 < bridge> <melon> i'd ask for maintainer on ddnet-rs, but it belongs to DDRace und co kg now :(
21:17 < bridge> <melon> 
21:17 < bridge> <melon> also reviews would take multiple days :kekw:
21:19 < bridge> <melon> i'd ask for maintainer on ddnet-rs, but it belongs to DDRace und co kg now :(
21:19 < bridge> <melon> 
21:19 < bridge> <melon> also reviews would take multiple days :kekw:
21:19 < bridge> <melon> 
21:19 < bridge> <melon> (and i suck at rust‚Ñ¢)
21:29 < bridge> <kebscs> who can bump server version
21:29 < bridge> <kebscs> so preinputs go live
21:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Wowo ryo keeping prs below 100
21:40 < ChillerDragon> @Learath2 a
21:40 < ChillerDragon> @learath2 o
21:40 < bridge> <learath2> oa
21:42 < bridge> <jxsl13> Weihnachtsmann & Co. KG mentioned
21:42 < ChillerDragon> come ircing
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont even compile something
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i sometimes dont even compile something, then push
21:49 < bridge> <Ewan> do we know what breakage due to MinGW version deen‚Äôs referring to in #10392
21:49 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10392
21:50 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably in regards to old Windows versions
21:50 < bridge> <robyt3> I assume it needs old versions because they can still compile for Windows 7
21:50 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386795675777237163/image.png?ex=685b019e&is=6859b01e&hm=c8401def95ce15556d1d299c84432de120c61d5e7f9204c6a008241aa3caa24e&
21:51 < bridge> <urg_> there's probably a reason for this but why doesn't the server list auto refresh? like instead of having to manually refresh it every time you want to go to a new server or check who's online where just have it auto refresh every minute or so
21:51 < bridge> <Ewan> not that one üòÅ
21:51 < bridge> <urg_> or auto refresh on opening the server list
21:51 < bridge> <Ewan> that‚Äôs a symptom of not being able to use the new MinGW version
21:51 < bridge> <Ewan> i guess i can just put the old logic back and gate it behind mingw ver
21:52 < bridge> <Ewan> that‚Äôs a symptom of not using an up to date MinGW version, and deen said there‚Äôs something restricting us from updating
21:52 < bridge> <Ewan> I‚Äôm gonna investigate the windows 7 thing because if we did the builds via. MSYS2 with packages from the mingw64 environment I‚Äôm fairly sure it‚Äôd still work ootb
21:53 < bridge> <Ewan> but later
21:53 < bridge> <kebscs> skeith screenshot looks like win11
21:53 < bridge> <Ewan> pls
21:53 < bridge> <robyt3> That's not the real issue though
21:54 < bridge> <Ewan> i made a change assuming new mingw version; deen uses old version when making steam builds; client breaks
21:54 < bridge> <Ewan> deen can‚Äôt update without breaking w7 (or so I‚Äôm reading)
21:54 < bridge> <kebscs> alr
22:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You can still be maintainer there
22:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think deens version is new enough. you just linked to the dll still as I mentioned in the PR
22:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You forgot to remove `-lssp` and thus the dll was still required
22:02 < bridge> <robyt3> But why did building locally work?
22:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Just compile with mingw and make sure the lib is not required anymore
22:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bcs mingw is in your path?
22:02 < bridge> <robyt3> I made sure the dll was not
22:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Give me your exec
22:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> And I can tell you more
22:03 < bridge> <melon> :proprietary:
22:03 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't have it anymore, can rebuild later again
22:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then use the broken path
22:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then use the broken patch
22:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I am not double clicking it. I promise
22:04 < bridge> <Ewan> ssp links to a stub dll
22:04 < bridge> <Ewan> now
22:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But the changelog says you should not link it at all
22:05 < bridge> <Ewan> it definitely doesn‚Äôt depend on the dll in my build
22:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Show the dyn section
22:05 < bridge> <Ewan> one sec
22:05 < bridge> <Ewan> gotta turn pc on
22:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You got a fast PC
22:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> hehe
22:06 < bridge> <Ewan> mouse is off rn and i dont wanna turn it on
22:06 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1386799640317399221/image.png?ex=685b054f&is=6859b3cf&hm=c31b20b628ae6d681ad21794f9297d3b439cc7abcbad642bb3cd389ae3310457&
22:06 < bridge> <Ewan> no result
22:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's also possible that one of our libs depends on it
22:07 < bridge> <Ewan> deen definitely uses old mingw version
22:07 < bridge> <Ewan> i tried copying libs over and it expects totally different versions
22:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I know he once downgraded
22:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Would just surprise me if he downgraded so much
22:07 < bridge> <Ewan> idk where the w7 thing comes from bcs afaik it's still supported
22:07 < bridge> <Ewan> but i have to finish work before i can look into this in any real capacity
22:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It was a bug in mingw
22:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Somewhere in this chat there is a link to it
22:19 < bridge> <robyt3> In the binaries I build, `libssp-0.dll` does not appear in the import list (checked with `objdump -p`) and also not in the list of DLLs that are actually loaded by the executable when launched (checked with Process Explorer).
22:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Well then either deen really downgraded like 2 years, or an older version of mingw does not link to a stub
22:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ugh i hate multeasy every time i awna test something theres an obvious botter which i have to swap to tclient to ban cuz nona my binds work
22:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> #9411
22:20 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/9411
22:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> This was when deen had to downgrade
22:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Dec. 2024
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @robyt3 
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> for(auto &pComponent : m_vpAll)
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     pComponent->OnInterfacesInit(this);
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> m_LocalServer.OnInterfacesInit(this);
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
22:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why isnt this a full blown component
23:01 < bridge> <robyt3> It's not integrated into the component lifecycle directly. The point of the sub-components is to not bloat the list of real components because it adds virtual calls for every callback like `OnRender` when when unused.
23:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> can m_LocalServer be put into the compoenent
23:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> can m_LocalServer be put into one of the components
23:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and that componenet oninterfacesinits it
23:02 < bridge> <robyt3> It doesn't belong into any component in particular
23:03 < bridge> <robyt3> If we add more sub-components directly to the gameclient we can add a loop over an initializer list for those
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> mmmm okay
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> editing gameclient.h causes a large recompile
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which is a bit annoying
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (i dont think thats solvable actually, so whatevs)
23:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> also `Destructor of 'CLocalServer' is public and non-virtual (fix available)clang-tidycppcoreguidelines-virtual-class-destructor`
23:06 < bridge> <robyt3> I guess `CComponentInterfaces` should also have a virtual destructor
23:06 < bridge> <zhn> we can use any of patterns to mitigate this btw like pimpl but it looks like overkill for this kind of project
23:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its the fact that everything is on gameclient as members
23:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which makes the large recompile
23:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we can move their initalization to the cpp file which makes the problem much less
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the componenet interfaces thing means that my solution to that
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> breaks
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define COMPONENT(x) class C##x;
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define SUBCOMPONENT(x, y) ;
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include "component_list.h"
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef COMPONENT
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef SUBCOMPONENT
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> class CGameClient : public IGameClient
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> {
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define COMPONENT(x) std::unique_ptr<class C##x> m_p##x;
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define SUBCOMPONENT(x, y) ;
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include "component_list.h"
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef COMPONENT
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef SUBCOMPONENT
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> public:
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define COMPONENT(x) class C##x &m_##x;
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define SUBCOMPONENT(x, y) ;
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include "component_list.h"
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef COMPONENT
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef SUBCOMPONENT
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     CLocalServer m_LocalServer;
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:10 < bridge> <zhn> oh god wtf is this
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cursed cpp
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its the best solution i could find xd
23:10 < bridge> <zhn> use templates at least xd
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cant do that
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> need to do string mushing
23:10 < bridge> <zhn> you will need to list them anyway somewhere
23:11 < bridge> <zhn> this code doesn't remove any kind of duplication imho
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it reduces it from
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cmakelists
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> include in gameclient.h
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> member in gameclient.h
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> list in gameclient.cpp
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> to
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> camelists
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> list in componenent_list.h
23:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it also moves the construction to the cpp file reducing interdependency a ton
23:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> when the time comes we can remove the reference, public the unique ptrs and use -> everywhere
23:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but thats a thousand(s) line change
23:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think i can remove the double storage of each compoennet by using the vpall vector as the storage
23:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think i can remove the double pointer of each compoennet by using the vpall vector as the storage
23:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think i can remove the duplicated pointer to each compoennet by using the vpall vector as the ptr storage for the reference
23:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think i can remove the duplicated pointer to each compoennet by using the vpall vector as the ptr storage
23:16 < bridge> <zhn> aren't all components enlisted with get methods anyway? i don't remember if it does
23:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> most arent, and that doesnt change much
23:16 < bridge> <zhn> wrong reply
23:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if they were you still have to construct them sometime
23:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> those with getters are constructed in the cpp file already
23:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theyre *special* üíÖ
23:17 < bridge> <zhn> all components do?
23:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> nop
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> class ...
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> {
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>   CChat m_Chat
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>   ...
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> }
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> means that the full class has to be known in the header
23:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @robyt3 for my pr can i make m_LocalServer just use a unique_ptr
23:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> instead of also having a refernece
23:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> eventually classes will have sub component interfaces which i would rather arent in the header fully
23:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and the system i got here isnt stretching to there
23:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if you plan on adding alotof component interfaces to gameclient it might be wroth it to prevent the duplication
23:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cpp doesnt offer a way to do this cleanly ):
23:22 < bridge> <robyt3> All (sub)components should use pointers then
23:22 < bridge> <robyt3> So `menus.h` would not have to include community icons either
23:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> subcomponents (CComponents in CComponenets) do require the full lifecyle (ie being in vpall) (idk if they actually need to be full components though)
23:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why isnt that one in gameclient?
23:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is it just.. not needed
23:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> anywhere else
23:25 < bridge> <zhn> macros can be avoided with type lists though?
23:25 < bridge> <zhn> it would look cleaner anyway, but then we need to introduce it to the source
23:25 < bridge> <zhn> yeah whatever
23:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> there is probably a better way
23:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but it means changing how it works at the other end
23:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which is a big chang
23:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which is a big change
23:26 < bridge> <zhn> not really
23:26 < bridge> <zhn> you will just do the same you do manually, it will do exactly what you want to do with macros
23:26 < bridge> <zhn> just without preprocessor stuff
23:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> wait wuh
23:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is that possible?
23:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont think it is
23:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cuz you still need to make the m_... members with type C...
23:28 < bridge> <robyt3> Community icons are not used outside the menus, yeah
23:28 < bridge> <robyt3> But could probably also be part of gameclient
23:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i can include the weird initilization in the gameclient even if it isnt a member of
23:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i would prefer it as it means no triple duplication
23:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if it was a list could use constexpr ifs and type stuff
23:30 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would be pog for making that work without macro shenanigans
23:39 < bridge> <Assa> does anyone have an idea what ms_PhySize is? It doesn't exist in modern ddnet anymore
23:39 < bridge> <zhn> i wanted to bring up another discussion if we really need declarations of components in gameclient if we can use something like kernel interfaces use, but to use template generated enum instead, but that's not simply possible at least without good amount of trickery. since kernel interfaces way is a bit humble and would need 1k+ code changes just for this, will never gonna happen. at least until someone will bring shiny lua interface with all component
23:41 < bridge> <Assa> uh found something `m_ProximityRadius = ms_PhysSize;`
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> std::derived_from
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>  C++ Concepts library 
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Defined in header <concepts>
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> template< class Derived, class Base >
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> concept derived_from =
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     std::is_base_of_v<Base, Derived> &&
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     std::is_convertible_v<const volatile Derived*, const volatile Base*>;
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (since C++20)
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ): cpp20
23:42 < bridge> <zhn> yup
23:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> <https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/types/is_base_of.html> this works
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     // make a list of all the systems, make sure to add them in the correct render order
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     for(CComponent *pComponent : {
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define PART(x) std::is_base_of<CComponent, decltype(x)>::value ? (CComponent *)&x : nullptr,
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define COMPONENT(x) PART(m_##x)
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #define SUBCOMPONENT(x, y) PART(m_##x.y)
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #include "component_list.h"
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef PART
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef COMPONENT
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #undef SUBCOMPONENT
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     })
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>         if(pComponent)
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>             m_vpAll.push_back(pComponent);
23:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sigh
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @robyt3
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> class CComponent : public CComponentInterfaces
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> {
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> public:
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     /**
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>      * The component virtual destructor.
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>      */
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     virtual ~CComponent()
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     {
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     }
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
23:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> this should be in CComponentInterfaces i think
