00:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> (meant www/static oops, edited in issue)
00:33 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> more to come, time to see if I can do a simple PR after those years XD
00:33 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> oops it was just last year
00:35 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> plan to unify the spacing and move as much as I can out of the dark theme and into the base, try to have no sizing/spacing in dark theme at all
00:35 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> ideally switching between themes should cause zero content shift
00:38 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> we also need more containers for things. the tiles are just whitespace-delimited spans and arent easily targetted
00:39 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> so controlling spacing/background/content flow is not possible
00:40 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> still dunno how i can build the site on my side, lmk
00:40 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i basically just have to have deen test even if it works in my browser
00:43 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> reading the first half of this got me real scared
00:43 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> lol why
00:43 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> div div div
00:43 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> get scared m8
00:43 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> thought you were advocating for containerization
00:43 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> ew no
00:44 < bridge_> <Bota> https://butilka123.github.io/DDNet.org/
00:44 < bridge_> <Bota> @ryozuki giga brain
00:44 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> looks nice
00:46 < bridge_> <Bota> flashbang!
00:46 < bridge_> <Bota> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364734216616546314/image.png?ex=680abf48&is=68096dc8&hm=6bac4ae310a2b91967b7cbc1823617f649c5e195ef216829264c93d488ff16f5&
00:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> oh yeah didn't I have an issue with the CSS variables not being evaluated between sheets
00:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> current PR might not work...
01:41 < bridge_> <kebscs> #10092
01:41 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10092
01:42 < bridge_> <kebscs> go merge this is very nice for us devs on windows
01:52 < bridge_> <totar> you can use it without this PR tho? just enable it in VS
02:20 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> No way you can do that
02:20 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> When can I do this on the penguin
02:26 < bridge_> <totar> there's a number of different tools for hot reloading but they kinda all suck. I think LIve++ is good but it's paid
02:26 < bridge_> <totar> there's a number of different tools for hot reloading but they kinda all suck. I think Live++ is good but it's paid
02:30 < bridge_> <kebscs> How
02:30 < bridge_> <kebscs> It needs the /ZI flag from this pr
02:31 < bridge_> <kebscs> Maybe 10 years
02:32 < bridge_> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364760775264305323/image.png?ex=680ad804&is=68098684&hm=ee33d070b00d123ea629f14851b830861921c25d0c1fe26a58cbf29422ac6042&
02:32 < bridge_> <kebscs> What where is this
02:32 < bridge_> <kebscs> In a cmake project
02:32 < bridge_> <totar> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364760975558967356/image.png?ex=680ad834&is=680986b4&hm=fcc661fdb147f82fc9900d9e1a400658b9d167d9b71cad51fb0e0d05e588bc62&
02:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> Ty, I'll check tomorrow
02:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> I'm not sure if I had this
02:35 < bridge_> <kebscs> But pr would be nice anyway so it's by default
02:35 < bridge_> <totar> idk I don't leave it on by default because I'm afraid it will break things
02:35 < bridge_> <totar> I just turn it on when I need it
02:35 < bridge_> <totar> but it's probably fine
02:36 < bridge_> <kebscs> If you don't enable reload on save it won't break by itself
02:37 < bridge_> <Ewan> i think there are ways to make sure it does not break
02:37 < bridge_> <Ewan> how long has this been a thing in MSVC?
02:37 < bridge_> <kebscs> I noticed it won't reload when I try to edit a huge file like editor cpp
02:37 < bridge_> <kebscs> But other than that all good
02:37 < bridge_> <totar> this is a hard question because it was garbage for the first 2 years
02:38 < bridge_> <totar> it's still garbage tbh
02:38 < bridge_> <totar> but it's useful sometimes
02:38 < bridge_> <Ewan> it's existed in VS for a while but idk about for c/c++
02:38 < bridge_> <totar> 3 years I think
02:38 < bridge_> <Ewan> i only used it in c# & xaml apps
02:38 < bridge_> <Ewan> i guess
02:38 < bridge_> <totar> it's much worse than the C# version
02:38 < bridge_> <Ewan> cool
02:38 < bridge_> <Ewan> :brownbear:
02:39 < bridge_> <Ewan> tater do u have a car
02:39 < bridge_> <totar> yeah?
02:39 < bridge_> <totar> are you gonna steal it?
02:39 < bridge_> <Ewan> i dont think i would
02:39 < bridge_> <totar> why do you ask xd
02:39 < bridge_> <Ewan> i just saw we're in #developer
02:39 < bridge_> <Ewan> but
02:39 < bridge_> <Ewan> just looking for ppl who have bought cars before
02:40 < bridge_> <Ewan> to make an informed purchase
02:40 < bridge_> <totar> idk what to tell you, I paid cash so I don't have much advice
02:42 < bridge_> <Ewan> idk whether to buy or finance something rn
02:42 < bridge_> <Ewan> but i dont wanna keep talking about it in developer that much
02:42 < bridge_> <totar> personally I would recommend you don't buy a car with poor reliability but that's kinda the only thing I care about
02:43 < bridge_> <Ewan> yea i have mainly been looking at 2000s hondas
02:43 < bridge_> <totar> yeah I also bought a honda lol
02:44 < bridge_> <cosmicxenor> ## Guys, i've got 4 ideas for mapping:
02:44 < bridge_> <cosmicxenor> 1. hookthought and hook block should be seperated (no front layer needed for ht) _(tbh idk how you could solve then the problem with the one way ht. maybe also one for unhook and one for hook)_
02:44 < bridge_> <cosmicxenor> 2. STOPPER in two adjacent directions e. g. up and right (not only opposite directions)
02:44 < bridge_> <cosmicxenor> 3. maybe a second front layer (would solve my 2. because atm it's not possible within freeze)
02:44 < bridge_> <cosmicxenor> 4. groups for groups
03:09 < bridge_> <nomoremstrniceman> @everyone steam gift 50$ - [steamcommunity.com/gift-card/pay/50](https://is.gd/o6wbjg )
03:58 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> Toyota > Honda
03:58 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but hard to find good price
03:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> why would you need any of these
03:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> 3 is interesting, should be able to add an arbitrary amount of layers for maximum fun
03:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> make looking at the map impossible lol
04:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> its also possible in freeze if you use switch freeze
04:52 < bridge_> <louis> diagonal stopper would be cool
04:53 < bridge_> <louis> single ht block would be nice too
04:53 < bridge_> <louis> also that should be a feature for entities imo
05:16 < bridge_> <pioooooo> Hookthought is legend
05:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> problem is solved more simply with additional layers
07:11 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> if new hookthrough is a "shortcut" to new hookthrough, why isnt it just hookthrough itself?
07:11 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> im kinda confused about that
07:11 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> it occupies its own index anyway
07:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i do a bit of trolling
07:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364833250513522720/image.png?ex=680b1b84&is=6809ca04&hm=504e9096b915f9f40ba412baafcb0bb03fe1ac8c99c92992b4f90c4052fa8834&
07:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> ill fix this (among other things) in a new PR
07:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> fuck css btw
07:21 < bridge_> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364833511068012624/20250417_170024.jpg?ex=680b1bc2&is=6809ca42&hm=20c6cfeed8c043ebe7ac0e895a2c16ae31c1d8b2c45994dcb67649fa4f912e0f&
07:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> dude why would you not want css variables to modify sheets from same origin
07:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> its "cascading" stlye sheets u fuckus
07:22 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> who invented this thing
07:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> IN MY DEFENSE i said it should probably be tested first :greenthing:
07:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i will do better üëç
07:38 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> hey this means i get to be gorple again
08:06 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> gg
08:07 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> please test before you merge cus i could still be an idiot i guess!
08:07 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but pretty sure it should be nice
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> next things to do
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> 1) find out why there's styles in dark theme only
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> 2) find out why there's still random colors in places
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> 3) then unify spacing, probably use less px and more em/rem
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> @pioooooo you commented that the hamburger menu is done but confused by what you said
08:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> for me its just a rgba gradient and scrollable
08:10 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> most ppl on mobile wont know this is scrollable or prefer it over a menu
08:16 < bridge_> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364847380972699648/remix-6a8c2e3c-cce2-4a5e-b122-4e4d9fabe389.png?ex=680b28ad&is=6809d72d&hm=5dd4470e65d218c0b2ad07e5a20f08745f336a38e69f3a4039257efe736941bc&
08:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> ye but its not rly a menu, its more like a swiper thing
08:16 < bridge_> <pioooooo> I just mean this thing, would be better if it's sticky
08:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> a
08:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> that would be a nice improvement for now
08:17 < bridge_> <pioooooo> Also on landscape
08:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> also idk why phpbb styles are in here if its in www/
08:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> why cant they be moved to their own sheet?
08:18 < bridge_> <pioooooo> No comment
08:18 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i had just assumed both directories were hosted in different places
08:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but seems to imply forum can include files from here
08:56 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> yippee!
09:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> could this be consolidated into 2 cols? allow filter by UHD but instead of having "yes" just put the UHD download there
09:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364858495475646524/image.png?ex=680b3307&is=6809e187&hm=3debe39e42c836b9ac723c0f12bad825e7c8ac6a39806ac462fb7bf1d2188fd8&
09:15 < bridge_> <pioooooo> Just do what you want until someone says no
09:15 < bridge_> <pioooooo> :gigachad:
09:15 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> IDC, but note that this yes think activates the filter on click
09:16 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's not just design
09:16 < bridge_> <Assa> is this current master? can't reproduce
09:16 < bridge_> <Assa> good morning :owo:
09:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> yeah i realized that
09:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i mean i dont populate the data
09:17 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> release, and ye it wasnt consistent, morning
09:17 < bridge_> <Assa> vulkan? zoom? map? :justatest:
09:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> did jana rename? her name on Staff page 4040s
09:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> did jana rename? her name on Staff page 404s
09:18 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> gl33, lobbychill, idk zoom
09:19 < bridge_> <Assa> if current release, it might be fixed with 19.2
09:19 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Did you touch border rendering?
09:20 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's probably a driver setting
09:20 < bridge_> <Assa> I touched all of rendering, I cleaned it
09:20 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Texture sampling set to fast which is less accurate but gives 1 fps more
09:21 < bridge_> <Assa> I can't reproduce this issue with the current master ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è on that map
09:21 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Back in the days nvidia cheated with such settings
09:22 < bridge_> <Assa> @fokkonaut I guess you don't want to use doors for this in the future? xD
09:22 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364863955813797910/screenshot_2025-04-24_09-21-37.png?ex=680b381d&is=6809e69d&hm=11f26cc256159795c6ee21b02096cf147b8a57d288e84a5995de8b745e6d7193&
09:22 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> :(((
09:22 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> u just broke all drawings
09:23 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Not on dc at least.
09:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> very odd
09:23 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Just ping and ask
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> should be an easy fix üôÇ
09:24 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> how?
09:24 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> idk her discord :justatest:
09:24 < bridge_> <Assa> not sending doors but actual lasers?
09:24 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> there is one jana though
09:24 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> that fucks color
09:24 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @janakpz what's your ign
09:24 < bridge_> <Assa> color is client sided anyway?
09:24 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Should be her
09:24 < bridge_> <Assa> color is client sided anyway? it's even configurable
09:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> wouldn't she have the Mod role then?
09:25 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno, maybe rq
09:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> gg
09:31 < bridge_> <Assa> that's a modding feature I'd support, a custom laser type with some properties, like color :3
09:41 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> hmm, map releases page has `.release`s in `.flex-container` while tournaments does not
09:42 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> probably affects layout
09:48 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Yes Jana resigned
09:53 < bridge_> <Assa> @kebscs I made the snowflake white and the icon bigger, opinions? I think it's now VERY readable
09:53 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364871868364095488/screenshot_2025-04-24_09-52-56.png?ex=680b3f7b&is=6809edfb&hm=3b76ef5e9b74fea300a3c58acb4f400820d9523c1291f150d408454b00cb291b&
09:54 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> needs to be removed from staff page then, possibly others?
09:54 < bridge_> <Assa> @soulyvevo it might make sense to cut into the edges of the hexagon where no snowflake is in order to boost the outline a bit more
09:56 < bridge_> <melo∆û> It'll be updated when new mods get in I guess
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> Like this, I think it already looks cleaner, unfortunatly it was a dirty gimp job
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> 
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> ^RFC any other opinions? Feel free to add your mustard
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364874542224248873/screenshot_2025-04-24_10-02-48.png?ex=680b41f9&is=6809f079&hm=159caba2e873c86bac0d6922500a8b246ea87856b33b8cf4515e0b9436e3a547&
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> Like this, I think it already looks cleaner, unfortunatly it was a dirty gimp job
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> 
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> vRFC any other opinions? Feel free to add your mustard
10:04 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364874542224248873/screenshot_2025-04-24_10-02-48.png?ex=680b41f9&is=6809f079&hm=159caba2e873c86bac0d6922500a8b246ea87856b33b8cf4515e0b9436e3a547&
10:04 < bridge_> <kebscs> This is finally good
10:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> recommend removing many instances of <br> in the markup, like here on ranks page we should use margin instead of new lines
10:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364874929660493895/image.png?ex=680b4255&is=6809f0d5&hm=c5a4974d7df05e8b7a4dbd0290f84830006be491bef4d9559de6557e540ced3f&
10:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> (this is without the lines, much easier to click between but some space should be nice still)
10:06 < bridge_> <Assa> then I just need sb with to do the new background for the snowflake :owo:
10:07 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> recommend removing many instances of <br> in the markup, like here on ranks page we should use margin instead of new lines (same issue on player compare fields)
10:07 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364874929660493895/image.png?ex=680b4255&is=6809f0d5&hm=c5a4974d7df05e8b7a4dbd0290f84830006be491bef4d9559de6557e540ced3f&
10:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> player page template among other things seems missing from version control, no idea how to access these
10:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i go bed now
10:16 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You should include screenshots xd
10:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i mean
10:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i didnt on purpose so deen actuals tests xd
10:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but i guess so
10:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i didnt on purpose so deen actually tests xd
10:17 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xDD
10:18 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364878173615165480/image.png?ex=680b455a&is=6809f3da&hm=d9562fd7a8682793fd2bbb660e2e0e36ad9c3d5042cd08eb6295393c9bbb590a&
10:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364878313889202248/image.png?ex=680b457c&is=6809f3fc&hm=931c1455e8f635c71c10818b2f288fd046559c45dded827ad49f497655bbf13b&
10:19 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah I mean in the PR, so whoever clicks merge sees it xd
10:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> :greenthing:
10:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> nah that makes it too easy for him
10:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> well, tell me if it looks bad
10:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i think its at least much better than live
10:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> all map previews are 360x right?
10:20 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The skins look badly aligned, but maybe that was always the case and the lines just make it obvious
10:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i tried to test but seems its the case
10:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> right, i could try to center them i suppose
10:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> they... have negative margin? how the fuck is this table even generated? there's so much shit i cant see on repo xD
10:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364878956792254524/image.png?ex=680b4615&is=6809f495&hm=53503292ca95d675524c36e0adf339b7457102007c752c550c1e3a74bb9092b2&
10:24 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's right there in skins subfolder
10:24 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Also it's one of the few dynamic things on the website xD
10:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i guess i was confused because i saw inline styles
10:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> which... is painful
10:27 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> this is not 1am brain material i look again later
10:28 < bridge_> <janakpz> cavia
10:51 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> would be nice to have a dark mode version of CP and time CP so they look nicer there
10:51 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but possibly complicates the generation
10:52 < bridge_> <Assa> you could create custom entities and use them instead
10:52 < bridge_> <Assa> like creating a negative version of default
10:52 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i meant for the website!
10:53 < bridge_> <Assa> 1C
11:04 < bridge_> <Assa> I touched the laser, do you think people like or hate the additional outline on the default laser?
11:04 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364889851790364702/screenshot_2025-04-24_11-02-30.png?ex=680b503b&is=6809febb&hm=bffcbc09f084068e34ce266dba7e34d685fdfb8c2a463fd36e9daadd80bde95e&
11:05 < bridge_> <Assa> I touched the laser, do you think people like/hate/notice the additional outline on the default laser?
11:05 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364889851790364702/screenshot_2025-04-24_11-02-30.png?ex=680b503b&is=6809febb&hm=bffcbc09f084068e34ce266dba7e34d685fdfb8c2a463fd36e9daadd80bde95e&
11:07 < bridge_> <Assa> I mean this
11:07 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364890368361103411/Unbenannt.PNG?ex=680b50b6&is=6809ff36&hm=2b538879783ec1b6bd004150cf60d1e9568daaffa6e13ea1216de964c4f5d14a&
11:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i want it for doors too
11:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> UwU
11:26 < bridge_> <Assa> it's deliberately! deactivated for one side of the doors, because maps tend to put 2 doors together like in the screenshot (see left door)
11:26 < bridge_> <jxsl13> outline looks good on the wider green laser door
11:26 < bridge_> <Assa> if you add an outline there, there will be a visual break
11:27 < bridge_> <Assa> alternatively I could just add a door-knob on both sides of the door ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
11:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> i wonder if there is some way to calculate the contrast bezween the outline color and the inner color in order to switch between black and white outlines
11:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> between
11:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> for darker color white might look better as outline color
11:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> colors
11:29 < bridge_> <Assa> none of this outlines is black, they are configurable in the client :pepeW:
11:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> urgh
11:30 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> ah I see, yeah maybe checking for that would suck
11:31 < bridge_> <Assa> @jxsl13
11:31 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364896413628239872/screenshot_2025-04-24_11-30-21.png?ex=680b5657&is=680a04d7&hm=cc3c72bfa25203438754b36790af04dbc4b5b4b8c25894ef59fd0656a2109471&
11:32 < bridge_> <jxsl13> would use a lighter color for freeze laser outline
11:32 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Ah yes. `Innenfarbe Einfrier-Laser` <a:catkiss:1199448915410423988>
11:33 < bridge_> <Assa> We need to ping the devs of fng, so they use the Einfrier-Laser in the future
11:33 < bridge_> <melo∆û> :kek:
11:40 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> hi developers is laser doors prediction coming in 19.2
11:40 < bridge_> <jxsl13> where are our color blind players for default color feedback üëÄ
11:45 < bridge_> <Assa> I'd be glad to help if anyone colorblind needs a colorblind mode in ddnet
11:46 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ask fokkonaut
11:46 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> IM BEGGING
11:56 < bridge_> <Assa> ||Put your loving hand out, baby||
11:57 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://tenor.com/view/tokyo-mew-mew-mew-ichigo-ichigo-momomiya-ichigo-mew-mew-gif-27708831
12:21 < bridge_> <Assa> I finally have an idea how to do the rotation ü§¶‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
12:26 < bridge_> <Assa> yeah spot the issue üò¶
12:26 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364910423425683497/screenshot_2025-04-24_12-26-05.png?ex=680b6363&is=680a11e3&hm=af7436889134b0ec63e8955eb029d8ccb7076ce8a2b50838b082153d989467c6&
12:28 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> im thinking like
12:28 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> maybe those laser heads should have a separate image file
12:28 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> so people could customize them etc
12:28 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> i know some people use custom snowflakes and stuff like that
12:29 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> and it might look weird on those laser heads
12:30 < bridge_> <Assa> they are currently in the same file. If you customize it and it looks broken, I don't think this is my issue. But I understand what you mean, I am using the same sprite as the freeze particle here
12:32 < bridge_> <Assa> And I don't think it's wrong to use the same sprite, because it's the freeze laser, it's its purpose
12:43 < bridge_> <Assa> currently they would be missing the background anyway without updating the sprite :/
12:44 < bridge_> <Assa> I certainly see what you mean, but we would need to move the classic laser heads into this file, too, which would cause 1000x more issues
12:45 < bridge_> <Assa> I certainly see what you mean, but we would need to move the classic laser heads into a laserhead file, too, which would cause 1000x more issues
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> @ryozuki My language finally has structs again :DD  
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> ```rust
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> fn main() -> void {
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let a = Foo {
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         field: 69,
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         bar: Bar {
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>             field: 50,
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         },
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     };
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let b = &a;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let c = b->bar.field;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     return c;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> }
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> struct Foo {
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     field: i32;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     bar: Bar;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> }
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> struct Bar {
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     field: i64;
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> }
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> ```
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> (type inference btw :bluekitty:)
13:32 < bridge_> <ryozuki> pog
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> @ryozuki My language finally has structs again :DD  
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> ```rust
13:32 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> fn main() -> i64 {
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let a = Foo {
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         field: 69,
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         bar: Bar {
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>             field: 50,
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>         },
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     };
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let b = &a;
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     let c = b->bar.field;
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     return c;
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> }
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> struct Foo {
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     field: i32;
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat>     bar: Bar;
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> }
13:33 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> 
14:27 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> is it possible to make the snowflake outline the same as the outline of the laser, and the inside the same as the color
14:45 < bridge_> <Assa> yes ofc. I just made the snowflake white for higher contrast
14:57 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 does GLES1 work on Android at all?
14:57 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> As far as I can see we have a `#if` in backend_sdl.cpp that prevents anything other than GLES3 during context creation
15:00 < bridge_> <robyt3> I don't know if it works, but apparently if you select GLES1 it will revert to GLES3 anyway
15:00 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah that is what I see too xd
15:01 < bridge_> <robyt3> We and Android should support GLES1 as fallback though, at least there is a comment in `AndroidManifest.xml` about it
15:04 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> On linux GLES1 sadly does not work
15:05 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I thought about removing OpenGL for linux completely:
15:05 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10097
15:05 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
15:05 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then we also wouldn't need GLEW anymore
15:05 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We could try just GLES3 + Vulkan. Dunno how the hardware support is
15:06 < bridge_> <robyt3> https://developer.android.com/develop/ui/views/graphics/opengl/about-opengl
15:06 < bridge_> <robyt3> Android should support GLES 1.0 but it's depreciated
15:06 < bridge_> <robyt3> Android should support GLES 1.0 but it's deprecated
15:06 < bridge_> <robyt3> But all android versions we support also support at least 3.0
15:07 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I mean nobody complained yet
15:07 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Can't be that bad xd
15:08 < bridge_> <robyt3> But if we don't support 1.0 we should update the manifest as the warning on the link above said
15:14 < bridge_> <philip0i5> @everyone steam gift 50$ - [steamcommunity.com/gift-card/pay/50](https://u.to/J0Y8Ig )
15:42 < bridge_> <seiheroamane> Hello! I was banned because of VPN detection, but I wasn't using a VPN. My power went out and after reconnecting, I received a new IP from my provider. Could you please unban me?
15:43 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Please #‚úâ-create-a-ticket and a ban appeal, to make it easier for us to handle your case :)
15:43 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Please #‚úâ-create-a-ticket -> ban appeal, to make it easier for us to handle your case :)
15:44 < bridge_> <seiheroamane> Thank you
15:44 < bridge_> <seiheroamane> ok
15:49 < bridge_> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364961523570704394/GpQOYXcWsAAXFs5.png?ex=680b92fa&is=680a417a&hm=a4e64a06b7efc27ebb6fc88ec549df583559b6e4bdb966403b954ba75895b04b&
16:02 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364964765948051497/natural-unnatural.png?ex=680b9600&is=680a4480&hm=acff3888cfc95172441bc54575bef85bfc25d87f05fcf69425b75ab194218327&
16:04 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> So true!
16:05 < bridge_> <pioooooo> Why is my discord app auto rotating
16:05 < bridge_> <pioooooo> So dumb
16:13 < bridge_> <learath2> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364967518342611075/image0.jpg?ex=680b9890&is=680a4710&hm=e437ddbce89bd3522cdefa18f0a857d4cca2caa0492c4496d005cc95f66486a6&
16:16 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> how I use strings in rust: `String`
16:36 < bridge_> <kiber124> @everyone steam gift 50$ - [steamcommunity.com/gift-card/pay/50](https://u.to/Ckk8Ig )
16:37 < bridge_> <jxsl13> haters
16:38 < bridge_> <jxsl13> perfection
16:38 < bridge_> <jxsl13> üòÇ
16:46 < bridge_> <seiheroamane> And how much longer will it take to wait for the ticket to be reviewed and unbanned? How much time does it usually take?
16:50 < bridge_> <ryozuki> wrong channel brother
17:00 < bridge_> <Assa> Just crop a string thong on the left side
19:04 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> isn't extras like, a pretty big image
19:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> still so much indexes left after adding this
19:05 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> hi developers is laser door prediction coming in 19.2
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 q:
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you added more map validations, all fine, more validations are always better.
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Did you also check how many maps this breaks? XD
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
19:08 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> e.g. it now requires the items to be in order with the offsets and refuses empty items
19:09 < bridge_> <robyt3> It breaks no maps from ddnet-maps
19:09 < bridge_> <melo∆û> `025-04-24 18:30:41 E datafile: invalid file information: item type has invalid number of items. index=2 type=3 num=0`
19:09 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
19:09 < bridge_> <melo∆û> but every map saved by ddnet-rs ._.
19:09 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah I fix that
19:09 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I didn't know the order matters xD
19:10 < bridge_> <robyt3> Probably didn't matter before, but it was always enforced in the datafile writer
19:10 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah alr, I just wonder if that affects other maps not in ddnet
19:12 < bridge_> <louis> check infclass
19:12 < bridge_> <robyt3> Potentially if they used tools to create the maps or if those maps were always invalid for some reason
19:12 < bridge_> <robyt3> Is there any way to download https://heinrich5991.de/teeworlds/maps/maps/ efficiently, i.e. as a zip and not each individually?
19:14 < bridge_> <learath2> I wonder how well a bunch of maps compress together. I imagine rather well with many of them sharing tilesets
19:16 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @sollybunny did you add nameplate offsets?
19:17 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> vertical offset
19:17 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah
19:17 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is that in a released version already?
19:17 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont think so
19:17 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can you nerf it please for vanilla mods?
19:17 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that's quite a cheat
19:18 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> oh i see
19:18 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> xd
19:19 < bridge_> <kebscs> how
19:19 < bridge_> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1365014289693413516/image.png?ex=680bc41f&is=680a729f&hm=ab79d9567b0f2a99a84e4243cbf122109349a091361df1880cb31e75f7bbd72a&
19:20 < bridge_> <pioooooo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1365014521294356530/image.png?ex=680bc456&is=680a72d6&hm=ef8d021d4b2de3e0cd4236f15ad0d61144f8a30704fd7fb8f5d71941e541dfc6&
19:27 < bridge_> <kebscs> not the same thing
20:22 < bridge_> <Assa> @gerdoe Any reason for not wanting the laser outline? Now is your chance to speak up against it üòÑ
21:19 < bridge_> <Ewan> @kebscs did u open the cmakelists.txt or a generated solution?
21:19 < bridge_> <Ewan> open the cmakelists directly if you don‚Äôt already
21:19 < bridge_> <Ewan> before VS had usable cmake support that‚Äôs what we all did
21:20 < bridge_> <Ewan> before VS had usable cmake support everyone would just generate the solution first thru the cmake gui or something, not a good time
21:26 < bridge_> <kebscs> with open a local folder
21:29 < bridge_> <Ewan> i didnt know that was a thing
21:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> it auto detects it as cmake project and sets up
21:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> but idk why i dont have the thing with properties like he does
21:49 < bridge_> <Ewan> did you try opening the cmakelists directly
21:53 < bridge_> <zhn> i wouldn't mind if it's optional, that's all
21:55 < bridge_> <zhn> i don't really get meaning of this refactor
21:55 < bridge_> <Assa> I wondered about that, there is a "classical laser" option already in the game. Should this apply to all other entities as well?
21:55 < bridge_> <kebscs> with?
21:55 < bridge_> <Assa> I wondered about that, there is a "classical laser" option already in the game. Should this apply to all other entities as well? This option is only for color currently
21:59 < bridge_> <Assa> And I already tried adding more options ;__; other devs hate options, no options
22:01 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Changing the visuals of a 10 year old mod is always hard to accept :feelsbadman:
22:01 < bridge_> <Assa> https://imgflip.com/i/9ru7r9
22:03 < bridge_> <Assa> But this is the bread and butter of a game, you'll need to move forward, adjust the formula, try new things, break old things
22:03 < bridge_> <melo∆û> I agree
22:03 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:03 < bridge_> <melo∆û> When do we drop 0.6 and accept 0.7
22:04 < bridge_> <melo∆û> I agree
22:04 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:04 < bridge_> <melo∆û> When do we drop 0.6 and accept 0.7 as the one and only option to save this game
22:04 < bridge_> <Assa> I guess when the last modded 0.6 server finally gets shutdown
22:04 < bridge_> <jxsl13> unless it's perfect
22:04 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Waiting for oy's return in like 2-3 years
22:05 < bridge_> <melo∆û> For us to get teeworlds 0.8
22:05 < bridge_> <Assa> tell me, what game is perfect in your opinion?
22:05 < bridge_> <jxsl13> ddnet
22:05 < bridge_> <jxsl13> xd
22:05 < bridge_> <Assa> Then you should close all 700 open issues :justatest:
22:05 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Easy answer
22:05 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:05 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Age of empires
22:05 < bridge_> <jxsl13> gimme maintainer, ez
22:06 < bridge_> <jxsl13> won'z do
22:06 < bridge_> <Assa> certainly the game won't break with windows 12 or something
22:06 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> the sooner there's a mod API, the sooner you rid yourself of issues like depending on old versions üòõ
22:06 < bridge_> <jxsl13> mod api is dead
22:06 < bridge_> <jxsl13> sadly
22:06 < bridge_> <Ewan> it‚Äôs like, its own category in the open project menu iirc
22:06 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> doesn't exist
22:06 < bridge_> <Ewan> i dont have vs
22:06 < bridge_> <jxsl13> #7777
22:06 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
22:06 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Idk still runs perfectly fine on my wine prefix from 5 years ago
22:06 < bridge_> <melo∆û> ü§∑
22:07 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> API can be upgraded incrementally to use new behavior
22:07 < bridge_> <melo∆û> And windows has good compatibility tools tbh
22:07 < bridge_> <kebscs> its not there, but i can continue without code, and then open cmake
22:07 < bridge_> <Assa> everything needs maintenance, nothing is forever, change is eternal, that's the rule of the universe, called entropy.
22:07 < bridge_> <kebscs> but it does same thing as open local folder
22:07 < bridge_> <Ewan> ah
22:07 < bridge_> <Ewan> rip
22:08 < bridge_> <jxsl13> bcrypt is eternal
22:08 < bridge_> <jxsl13> üëÄ
22:08 < bridge_> <Assa> is your game really perfect, if it doesn't survive the heat death of the universe?
22:08 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> shame that the answer was no D:
22:08 < bridge_> <Assa> is your game really perfect, if it doesn't survive (or stop xd) the heat death of the universe?
22:08 < bridge_> <jxsl13> your game must be the center of the end of the universe
22:09 < bridge_> <jxsl13> tue bih black hole
22:09 < bridge_> <jxsl13> the big
22:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> answer was probably no for accounts at one point
22:09 < bridge_> <melo∆û> there's a reason it's called tee"worlds"
22:09 < bridge_> <melo∆û> We are eternal
22:09 < bridge_> <jxsl13> accounts are in conception?
22:09 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> thats my point
22:09 < bridge_> <Assa> in the cyclic universe, the next one gets 2D and is ruled by Tees ü§Ø
22:10 < bridge_> <jxsl13> but in some weird decentralized way that's never gonna leave the concept stage?
22:10 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> eh
22:10 < bridge_> <melo∆û> When 1D teeworlds
22:10 < bridge_> <jxsl13> -----.----
22:10 < bridge_> <jxsl13> herr you go
22:10 < bridge_> <Assa> we alread have linear :justatest:
22:10 < bridge_> <jxsl13> here you go
22:10 < bridge_> <Assa> we already have linear :justatest:
22:10 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> if heinrich cracks his knuckles some morning and the sun is shining on his bedroom window correctly and the wind speed is not too gusty then yes maybe it will
22:11 < bridge_> <jxsl13> at some point it might be an issue for someone else?
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Everyone can work on it tbh
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> It's just no one wants to bother with QUIC it
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Everyone can work on it tbh
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> It's just no one wants to bother with QUICq
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Everyone can work on it tbh
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
22:11 < bridge_> <melo∆û> It's just no one wants to bother with QUIC
22:12 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> what's wrong with QUIC
22:12 < bridge_> <jxsl13> weire requisites
22:12 < bridge_> <jxsl13> weird
22:12 < bridge_> <jxsl13> my brain not englishing. weird requirements
22:12 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Everything is pretty much done, we just need secured communication over UDP
22:13 < bridge_> <melo∆û> And some more stuff, roby told me about it once
22:13 < bridge_> <jxsl13> so tls
22:13 < bridge_> <jxsl13> ?
22:13 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> isn't that the point of QUIC or am i misunderstanding
22:14 < bridge_> <jxsl13> quic is tcp over udp kinda
22:16 < bridge_> <jxsl13> so the master server might become a CA creating certificates on the fly for registering servers? kinda like let's encrypt?
22:16 < bridge_> <jxsl13> with some rate limiting?
22:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> I'm not really sure what the current design is anymore
22:18 < bridge_> <jxsl13> dunno, don't follow that.. just two cents for the encryption part.
22:18 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> my idea of accounts would be like masterserv doubles as authentication authority, with some local key storage for the client
22:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> and that auth layer can be optionally bound to multiple communities
22:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> (obviously ddnet would be the primary one)
22:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> governance would be the main interest
22:22 < bridge_> <Assa> I wonder what the reason is not gaoing against steam accounts, but I can imagine multiple
22:22 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> vac ban for ddnet when:poggers2:
22:23 < bridge_> <melo∆û> open source game
22:23 < bridge_> <Assa> - not wanting to depend on sb else
22:23 < bridge_> <Assa> - still want to maintain standalone game
22:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> disputing user claims and missing keys/email resets are all kinda part of any system I imagine those would be normal
22:23 < bridge_> <Assa> is that against steam TOS?
22:24 < bridge_> <Assa> is that against steam TOS? certainly not
22:24 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i would rather not have to open steam to play ddnet
22:24 < bridge_> <jxsl13> vac is their anti cheat
22:24 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i would rather not have to open (or install) steam to play ddnet
22:24 < bridge_> <jxsl13> so probably what melon refers to
22:24 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i would rather not have to open (or install) steam to play ddnet
22:24 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> the option to have steam backed accounts is fine
22:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> pretty sure it was why not use steam accounts lol
22:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> idk, even kog has a rudimentary system for auth
22:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> its weird that it needs so much thought to me
22:25 < bridge_> <Assa> ? you mean vac? isn't that optional?
22:25 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> if there's some magic perfect system, why not just incrementally upgrade it
22:26 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> like literally everything else in ddnet lifecycle
22:26 < bridge_> <jxsl13> for accounts I'd guess there would be no need for it to be closed source
22:26 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> NOOOO
22:26 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> owned
22:26 < bridge_> <jxsl13> vac's optional
22:26 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> there goes the future of the game
22:26 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> you all saw it here
22:26 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> letsgoooo
22:27 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Not against their TOS, but there are a lot of things that you need to care for in that case to stay on the legal side of things
22:27 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Our current communication is plaintext, our moderation tools are hacky and everythings just meh in terms of "actual" security IMO
22:27 < bridge_> <jxsl13> chilleroni maccaroni awakens by the sound of a github issue mention.
22:28 < bridge_> <kebscs> how can chiller change to not planned?
22:28 < bridge_> <kebscs> chiller a maintainer now?
22:28 < bridge_> <jxsl13> he's a maintainer
22:28 < bridge_> <jxsl13> and a maccaroni
22:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> I know you read this, chiller
22:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> I see you seeing this
22:29 < bridge_> <jxsl13> üëÄ
22:29 < bridge_> <Assa> hmm, and if there would be a company, that is already on steam just lending you their helpdesk and some moderation for free?
22:31 < bridge_> <melo∆û> steam needs to give us a key that's bound to AFAIR a domain of sorts
22:32 < bridge_> <Assa> brb (in 4 years)
22:33 < bridge_> <Assa> brb (in 4 years) on that topic
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> else if(pLayer->m_Type == LAYERTYPE_QUADS)
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> {
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     CMapItemLayerQuads *pLayerQuads = (CMapItemLayerQuads *)pLayer;
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     if(pLayerQuads->m_Image >= 0 && pLayerQuads->m_Image < m_pImages->Num())
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>         Graphics()->TextureSet(m_pImages->Get(pLayerQuads->m_Image));
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     else
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>         Graphics()->TextureClear();
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> 
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     CQuad *pQuads = (CQuad *)m_pLayers->Map()->GetDataSwapped(pLayerQuads->m_Data);
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     if(m_Type == TYPE_BACKGROUND_FORCE || m_Type == TYPE_FULL_DESIGN)
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> can this codepath ever be reached?
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> (see the first and last lines)
22:38 < bridge_> <Assa> yes
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> how does that work
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> oh differnet pLayer
22:38 < bridge_> <Assa> m_Type is not pLayer->m_Type
22:38 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah
22:39 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i cant figure out how to force a layer to render xd
22:39 < bridge_> <Assa> `m_Type` is like foreground/background split
22:39 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> (the infclass menu thing)
22:39 < bridge_> <learath2> Now that is massive drama
22:39 < bridge_> <Assa> `pLayer->m_Type` is like tileset/quadlayer /idk maybe sound?
22:39 < bridge_> <learath2> Now that is massive drama üçø
22:40 < bridge_> <Assa> `pLayer->m_Type` is like tileset/quadlayer /(idk if others, others don't get rendered, might also include sound)
22:40 < bridge_> <Assa> since I refactored it, just make it skip through all of the "continue" parts, then it gets rendered
22:40 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> ive done that but it doesnt work
22:41 < bridge_> <Assa> what do you want to render? xD
22:41 < bridge_> <vahemaaa> hello assa
22:41 < bridge_> <Assa> hello WarHammer
22:41 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> .
22:41 < bridge_> <Assa> is that a layer?
22:41 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> yes
22:42 < bridge_> <Assa> is that a custom layer with a layertype?
22:42 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> its on the top of all other layers
22:42 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> idk anything abt it other than that
22:42 < bridge_> <Assa> ._.
22:43 < bridge_> <Assa> maybe make it a component and not a part of the map?
22:43 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> its definatley part of the map
22:43 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> since it renders in vanilla
22:43 < bridge_> <melo∆û> :monkalaugh:
22:43 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> and the previous thing that worked was done in maplayers
22:44 < bridge_> <Assa> it's probably a quad layer if I remember this correctly :justatest:
22:44 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> most likely yeah
22:44 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> `            if((Render && ((EntityOverlayVal < 100) || InfclassMenu) && !IsEntityLayer) || (EntityOverlayVal && IsGameLayer) || (m_Type == TYPE_BACKGROUND_FORCE))`
22:44 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @alw5 do you think hookfly is hard with dummy?
22:44 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Do you think the aiming thing is useful for anything other than hookfly?
22:44 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> this is the previous code
22:44 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> most likely yeah
22:44 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> this is the previous code
22:45 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> just adds a lil ||
22:46 < bridge_> <Assa> I check somewhere for `EntityOverlayVal` or `EnitityOverlayVal > 0`
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> if(!IsEntityLayer)
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> {
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     if(pLayerTilemap->m_Image >= 0 && pLayerTilemap->m_Image < m_pImages->Num())
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>         TextureId = pLayerTilemap->m_Image;
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> 
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     Color = ColorRGBA(pLayerTilemap->m_Color.r / 255.0f, pLayerTilemap->m_Color.g / 255.0f, pLayerTilemap->m_Color.b / 255.0f, pLayerTilemap->m_Color.a / 255.0f);
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     if(EntityOverlayVal && m_Type != TYPE_BACKGROUND_FORCE)
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>         Color.a *= (100 - EntityOverlayVal) / 100.0f;
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> 
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     ColorRGBA ColorEnv = ColorRGBA(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f);
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     EnvelopeEval(pLayerTilemap->m_ColorEnvOffset, pLayerTilemap->m_ColorEnv, ColorEnv, 4, this);
22:46 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)>     Color = Color.Multiply(ColorEnv);
22:47 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> }
22:47 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
22:47 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> only here and thats for tiles
22:48 < bridge_> <always> its useful for parts i think
22:48 < bridge_> <Assa> @sollybunny can we do a video call? xD
22:48 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> video call?
22:48 < bridge_> <Assa> @sollybunny can we go into a call? xD
22:48 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> oke
22:48 < bridge_> <Assa> I mean screenshare
22:49 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> holdon tho
22:49 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> assa heads or tails
22:49 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> sadly it was heads i shant be speaking
22:49 < bridge_> <jxsl13> can we have 3d maps in the style of Fez ?
22:49 < bridge_> <jxsl13> not really 3d
22:50 < bridge_> <jxsl13> great game
22:50 < bridge_> <always> not any skips
22:52 < bridge_> <syrinok> There's a bind that makes hookfly trivial, as per usual
22:54 < bridge_> <syrinok> remove dummy :troll:
22:59 < bridge_> <syrinok> Also what aim thing
23:21 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> a ddnet-rs thing, the dummy will aim towards the main char.
23:21 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You can use that to have deepfly bind that ddnet does over the toggle hammer.
23:21 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
23:21 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But i don't want to make dummy more OP xd
23:27 < bridge_> <zhn> i remember my experience with all fancy client that had laser customizations and outline doesn't make looks any better or worse, so i don't really get it anyway
23:27 < bridge_> <zhn> clients*
23:28 < bridge_> <zhn> i can get these door/dragger appearance change but not outline, current outline is good also
23:28 < bridge_> <syrinok> Sounds more op
23:31 < bridge_> <Assa> Oh I tried to strike a balance. Goal was to make the entities distinguishable and accessible without much thought, but also letting them still be lasers (and not ultra fancy hookers with wires, or something like that)
23:32 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can you show? gameplay footage for example
23:33 < bridge_> <syrinok> The bind simply makes it to where you don't need to swap between your tees, and it makes your right click hook. So you position the tee's aim and then it's all timing with right click to land the hook
23:33 < bridge_> <syrinok> You do all the movement on your main tee
23:33 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so over cl_dummy_hook?
23:33 < bridge_> <syrinok> I believe so
23:33 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah that one is defs a huge cheat xd
23:33 < bridge_> <syrinok> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1365078339139797033/hookflybind.cfg?ex=680bffc5&is=680aae45&hm=06f3e4e243faa40b8d78076182aefb36aafd17bd931eee4b648afe8b249891a4&
23:35 < bridge_> <syrinok> The only difficulty would be repositioning the other tee for certain hookfly parts
23:35 < bridge_> <syrinok> But overall it's a far easier experience
23:35 < bridge_> <syrinok> Still probably easier with this bind than without
23:36 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I did a wacky one where I set my dummy to hold a direction but also turn on dummy hammer
23:36 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and then the bind turns off dummy hammer and hooks
23:36 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I did a wacky one where I set my dummy to hold a direction but also turn on dummy hammer
23:36 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and then the bind turns off dummy hammer and dummy hooks
23:36 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> using dummy hammer to control the dummy's movement
23:38 < bridge_> <syrinok> Lol ya, I think I've tried something like that in the past
23:38 < bridge_> <syrinok> This bind is pure ez mode in comparison
23:39 < bridge_> <syrinok> I'd love for dummy to be toned down if we reset points :X
23:40 < bridge_> <syrinok> But I'm afraid the community is too far gone for that
23:40 < bridge_> <syrinok> bunch of pseudo addicts
23:43 < bridge_> <syrinok> I'd love for dummy to be toned down if we reset points üôä
