01:21 < bridge> <chairn> hmm, that's werid, afaik they are disabled by default on compilation and must be explicitly enabled
01:21 < bridge> <chairn> did you compile it yourself ?
01:35 < bridge> <learath2> Yes, it‚Äôs gentoo, everything on this computer is complied with march=native
01:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> C++ compilers do as much as they can to vectorize stuff, it's not an iterator exclusive things
01:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> good optimizing compilers in general do that
01:38 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> C++ compilers do as much as they can to vectorize stuff, it's not an iterator exclusive thing
01:39 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> LLVM will attempt to vectorize as long as you tell it to
01:41 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> and GCC output is similar quality, so that's C, C++, Fortran, and some others
02:12 < bridge> <chairn> you should recompile it with -mnoavx512 then
02:12 < bridge> <learath2> Why would I skip a potential optimization?
02:13 < bridge> <learath2> I guess valgrind compatibility is a good argument for it tbf
02:24 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Hey i'm having issues to understand the Console()->Register :\ if someone can help me pls
02:31 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Anyway i found something else
03:10 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Like i want to create a command in the console to use a function
05:42 < bridge> <Ewan> LibreOffice had to remove SSE2 optimizations because of maintenance cost
05:43 < bridge> <Ewan> the results were better with it but not by much
09:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @.lepinpin: https://youtu.be/N2pFajc0PYg
09:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I really should write some short blog about all the common use cases. That can be updated over time when stuff changes. Instead of making these 30 minute videos .\_.
10:24 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Okey thx bro i gonna do that <3
10:42 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Its server command but i think for CFGFLAG_CLIENT it will  be ez
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Oh you want client side. That wasn‚Äôt obvious to me
10:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> New bot dev?
10:56 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Nah
10:56 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ye sry
10:57 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Juste do thing i want in a client
10:57 < bridge> <chillerdragon> What should your command do? @.lepinpin
10:58 < bridge> <.lepinpin> A command to turn on/off the keystroke
10:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> ? I don‚Äôt know what that means
10:58 < bridge> <Assa> gumo ^^
10:58 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I‚Äôve done a button for that but I want that ig
10:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which keystroke
10:59 < bridge> <.lepinpin> One I‚Äôve done
10:59 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I have to go
11:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> sus
11:18 < bridge> <.lepinpin> X) nah I swear I don‚Äôt need to do that I‚Äôm too good for that
11:19 < bridge> <.lepinpin> And I don‚Äôt want to do shit like that
11:19 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Or else if u have a better solution to put it in binds or other
11:20 < bridge> <.lepinpin> ```Graphics()->MapScreen(0, 0, Graphics()->ScreenWidth(), Graphics()->ScreenHeight());
11:20 < bridge> <.lepinpin> if(m_ShowKeystroke)
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> {
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     int screenW = Graphics()->ScreenWidth();
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     int screenH = Graphics()->ScreenHeight();
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     float baseX = m_KeystrokeX * screenW;
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     float baseY = m_KeystrokeY * screenH;
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     float keySize = 30.0f;
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     //shit  thing but work
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     if(Input()->KeyIsPressed(KEY_F7))
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     {
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>         m_baseX -= 0.2f;
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     }
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     else if(Input()->KeyIsPressed(KEY_F8))
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     {
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>         m_baseX += 0.2f;
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     }
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     DrawKeyQuad(baseX + m_baseX, baseY, 30, 30, Input()->KeyIsPressed(KEY_A) ? vec4(0, 0, 0, 0.8) : vec4(0.3f, 0.3f, 0.3f, 0.6));
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     TextRender()->Text(baseX - 6.0f + m_baseX, baseY - 6.0f, 12.0f, "A");
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> 
11:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin>     DrawKeyQuad(baseX + 40 + m_baseX, baseY, 30, 30, Input()->KeyIsPressed(KEY_D) ? vec4(0, 0, 0, 0.8) : vec4(0.3f, 0.3f, 0.3f, 0.6));
11:21 < bridge> <Assa> > shit  thing but work
11:21 < bridge> <Assa> :kek:
11:23 < bridge> <.lepinpin> This code is quite bad but it work and optimized maybe
11:23 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I‚Äôm used to be a web developer
11:23 < bridge> <Assa> no front ^^
11:23 < bridge> <Assa> I just love to see when other people botch something to test somethng
11:24 < bridge> <Assa> I just love to see when other people botch something to test something
11:24 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ohh
11:24 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Do you love when people test something and it doesn‚Äôt work
11:25 < bridge> <Assa> hmm no? I mean like building "helper" tools/things to debug and test the feature you're working on
11:25 < bridge> <Assa> it shows that you put time in it and want to make it work
11:27 < bridge> <Assa> because it may be a "shit thing", but on the otherhand it "work"
11:27 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ohh oki
11:29 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ye but it‚Äôs to test the feature but maybe I won‚Äôt change it
11:31 < bridge> <Assa> I have no idea what you're working on, but keep going, this is valuable work üëç
11:32 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Thx <3
11:34 < bridge> <kollpotato> i think he just wants to show the keys he is pressing during the game
11:34 < bridge> <kollpotato> maybe for clips or tutorials
11:35 < bridge> <Assa> I think this exists for A/D/jump already
11:35 < bridge> <Assa> so you could look at the code
11:39 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ye but it‚Äôs not like I want
11:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 when merge https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10399
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> yeah I believe you want an overlay like in trackmania?
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> I believe there is overlay software for streamers already
11:44 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Yeah a lot of idea is an overlay
11:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @.lepinpin ah you want to show which key was pressed in the gui? Like if you hold down "a" it shows a "A" somewhere visually?
11:45 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Yeah but not in full screen
11:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see
11:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** cool cool
11:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you herby earned the "legit dev" badge
11:45 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I‚Äôve done that but create a command to switch between false and true
11:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i would go with a config not a command
11:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its what they are for and also easier to do
11:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** have a look at config_variables.h
11:47 < bridge> <Assa> would you want to show the letter A or an arrow pointing to the left?
11:48 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Uhmm I can show if u want but I‚Äôm busy right now
11:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 go merge #10596, #10597, #10598
11:52 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10596
11:52 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10597
11:52 < chillerbot> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10598
12:08 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Cuz what I have work perfectly I just need to create a client command to switch between false and true for m_ShowKeystroke
12:11 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Cuz what I have work perfectly I just need to create a client command to switch between false and true for m_ShowKeystroke
12:18 < bridge> <pioooooo> Search for conchaim commands
12:18 < bridge> <pioooooo> Search for conchain commands
12:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you can use `Controls()->m_aInput[g_Config.m_ClDummy].`
12:27 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ye I gonna check that later
12:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you can use `Controls()->m_aInputData[g_Config.m_ClDummy].m_Direction`
12:28 < bridge> <always> check config_variables.h
12:28 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Mhh ye
12:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> wait as in turning the whole thing on or off, or getting the input data
12:29 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Oh okey I see now
12:30 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ye @chillerdragon.9502 told me same
12:32 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Thx guys I gonna check that when I‚Äôm on pc
12:33 < bridge> <always> you can do
12:33 < bridge> <always> ```
12:33 < bridge> <always> MACRO_CONFIG_INT(ClKeyStrokes, cl_keystrokes, 0, 0, 1, CFGFLAG_CLIENT | CFGFLAG_SAVE, "show keystrokes")``` and it will make a variable and register it in the console
12:33 < bridge> <always> so ingame you can do cl_keystrokes 1
12:34 < bridge> <always> and in ur code you can do if(g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes)
12:36 < bridge> <robyt3> ChillerDragon: Your force push of #10711 seems to have deleted the changes of the first review
12:36 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10711
12:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 omg did i do the assa move? switching devices is hard. Let me check.
12:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fixed
13:03 < bridge> <Assa> get Assad
13:03 < bridge> <Assa> you should use --force-with-lease :p
13:06 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 can I get you to take a look at #10728 ? :justatest:
13:06 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10728
13:06 < bridge> <Assa> or do you also wish to have benchmarks for that commit? I automated this as good as I could :owo:
13:09 < bridge> <.lepinpin> K im testing that right now
13:10 < bridge> <.lepinpin> It work perfectly
13:10 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Thx sm
13:11 < bridge> <always> no problem!
13:11 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Now i will do the scroll to control the position of the Hud
13:12 < bridge> <.lepinpin> And for that MACRO_CONFIG_INT(ClKeyStrokes, cl_keystrokes, 0, 0, 1, CFGFLAG_CLIENT | CFGFLAG_SAVE, "show keystrokes") it work with big number ? like 400 and int like that
13:12 < bridge> <.lepinpin> ?
13:15 < bridge> <always> its default minimum max iirc
13:15 < bridge> <always> MACRO_CONFIG_INT(ClKeyStrokes, cl_keystrokes, default, min, max, CFGFLAG_CLIENT | CFGFLAG_SAVE, "show keystrokes")
13:17 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ohhh
13:17 < bridge> <always> so if you wanna do postion u can do like
13:17 < bridge> <always> ```
13:17 < bridge> <always> MACRO_CONFIG_INT(ClKeyStrokesX, cl_keystrokes_x, 200, 0, 1920, CFGFLAG_CLIENT | CFGFLAG_SAVE, "show keystrokes")```
13:17 < bridge> <always> something like that
13:17 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Yeah
13:18 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I just didn't read the def
13:18 < bridge> <.lepinpin> mb
13:18 < bridge> <always> no problem
13:18 < bridge> <robyt3> Eventually :owo:
13:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** <:owo:1154794204871008397>
13:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** Surprise quiz! DO NOT TEST! DO NOT LOOK AT THE CODE! Does this segfault yes or no?
13:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``./DDNet-Server "kill_pl me"``
13:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> if u ask it does
13:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ez baited
13:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it doesnt
13:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it doesnt
13:29 < bridge> <Assa> it has a whitespace
13:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> man
13:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** josspit pro
13:29 < bridge> <Assa> what args does the server take?
13:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> i always assume c++ code to segfault
13:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xxxxxxxxxD
13:30 < bridge> <Assa> I knew the client would just say error and exit(1) because it expects a map
13:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nah
13:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** client can also run commands
13:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i use this daily ``./chillerbot-zx "connect localhost"``
13:30 < bridge> <Assa> please tell me the client start command to open a demo and stop it
13:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** can be map, demo or console command
13:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> stop botting
13:31 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no proof
13:31 < bridge> <Assa> then I can fully automate ddnet benchmark creation
13:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> btw today i refactored the process streams (stdin stdout stderr) to be more clean, also more unix line, stdin is line buffered
13:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> (if from terminal)
13:32 < bridge> <Assa> then I can fully automate ddnet benchmark creation *well almost, just one f1 command
13:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> does it panic?
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> what panic
13:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> does it segfault?
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> a user program can panic just fine
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> i catch it
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> via interrupt
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> i have superpowers as a kernel, i do the memory mappings
13:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Do I get 50k if I find a vulnerability in your OS? :lol:
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> no
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> im sure there are lots
13:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``./DDNet "play demos/assa.demo;demo_play"`` this should work @Assa but it does not
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> i haent added many checks yet
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> just working on funcionality
13:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lmao i have default skin if i run this command btw
13:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then after some time it changes to greensward
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> chiller wants cfg to be turing complete to bot
13:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i guess thats the new lazy loading stuff that was added
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Your PC is too fast
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> And then too slow
13:34 < bridge> <Assa> that's why I am asking to STOP the demo before
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We can also wait for the main skin to be loaded
13:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But honestly... How can it not load in less than 10ms
13:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Do you use 16k resolution chiller?
13:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am on fullhd debian laptop
13:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** use standard greensward skin
13:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Maybe robyte only loaded the skin in main menu or smth
13:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it appears after a few seconds
13:36 < bridge> <Assa> thanks chiller, this already helps me a lot, even if it doesn't stop xD
13:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But I'd expect that if we _start_ loading the skin during client init it should have finished just in time
13:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if i was stuck in menu or connecting screen it would have been loaded by then
13:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but the demo starts right away
13:36 < bridge> <Assa> when I load abyss on this command with 18.04 it's already 8 seconds in xD
13:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the skin loading is rather slow
13:37 < bridge> <Assa> on nightly it's much better, because the loading time of maps is much better
13:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and i have 0 skins installed and all download skin options off
13:37 < bridge> <Assa> btw optimizing map loading optimized the game loading screen as well, by a lot it feels like, since the background map is loaded
13:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa maybe you can benchmark with this ü§∑ ``./DDNet "play demos/assa.demo;quit"``
13:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but i think you have to edit your client to do more serious benching
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> no you don't have to edit your client
13:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``quit`` takes like 6 minutes alone on my machine
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> you just stop the demo, put it back to 0, and then f1 `exec benchmark-Abyss.cfg`
13:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** because rossbit ah shutdown timeout bloat
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> so 3 manual steps
13:39 < bridge> <Assa> I automated installing this scripts and demos as well
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> what I'd really need is `./DDNet "benchmark my.demo 30`
13:40 < bridge> <robyt3> The skin data was probably already loaded, but not uploaded to the GPU yet. Maybe we should do one OnUpdate after loading.
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> what I'd really need is `./DDNet "benchmark my.demo 30"` which would load a demo, stop-reset it to 0 and then benchmark it
13:42 < bridge> <Assa> jokes on me, the old clients wouldn't support it anyway
13:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> for the future
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> I believe I automated this enough already. You still have to render obviously and you still have to wait for 30 seconds to collect enough data
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> so the manual steps don't slow me that much down
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> kill bill :justatest:
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon when do we use std::function and when C function pointers?
14:12 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Guys i dont relly understand that LeftView.HSplitTop(LineSize, &Button, &LeftView);
14:13 < bridge> <Assa> it makes a horizontal split meaning you get a top and a bottom out
14:13 < bridge> <Assa> the top is then in &Button, the bottom in &LeftView
14:13 < bridge> <Assa> and you split at a hight of LineSize
14:13 < bridge> <Assa> and you split at a height of LineSize
14:13 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Okay thanks
14:14 < bridge> <Assa> height, coming from the TOP
14:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa always use std::function the C function pointers are only used for consistency because the old code uses it
14:16 < bridge> <kollpotato> this explains some ui stuff a bit https://edgl.dev/blog/ui-code-ddnet/
14:16 < bridge> <Assa> yeah wrote exactly that
14:17 < bridge> <Assa> I like your rvalue comment
14:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
14:17 < bridge> <Assa> like you can always return objects by value
14:18 < bridge> <Assa> other possiblity is adding a vector reference as vector-to-fill
14:18 < bridge> <Assa> but useless here ig
14:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the r-value reference sounds op
14:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** zero cost at runtime and no weird input arg
14:20 < bridge> <Assa> the function in MoveBoxIndices or similar does the same btw
14:21 < bridge> <Assa> you are always able to have a function `CMyObject CreateObject(Params params) {... return MyObject; }`
14:21 < bridge> <Assa> vector is also just an object
14:22 < bridge> <Assa> same for smartpointers
14:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont like copying 512 bytes for ids by value plus bloated vector internals
14:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** copy expensive
14:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ``kill_pl all`` on 128 slots server creates 128 int entries in the vector
14:24 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Oh thx I was having issue to find a thing i gonna watch this
14:28 < bridge> <wertaiznegr_08995> Guys, what the hell was I sitting on Copy Love Box I look in the chat and they start banning everyone, but I don‚Äôt know why, then I also get banned for 3 days for nothing, I don‚Äôt know how to remove it or appeal. Does anyone know?
14:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> #‚úâ-create-a-ticket
14:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @wertaiznegr_08995 which server ip was that?
14:37 < bridge> <wertaiznegr_08995> how i can check that?
14:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** click on the server in the server menu
14:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you see it at bottom left
14:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** some number with 4 dots
14:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** That is interesting to make sure it was an official ddnet server. Because there are plenty of copy love box servers with different admins. I would be surprised if ddnet mods do a wave of unjustified bans.
14:41 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller u are the og so u must know why is DDraceNetwork not called DDRaceNetwork if the gamemode is DDRace?
14:43 < bridge> <chairn> avx512 is not an optimization in general, it tends to decrease performance due to reducing CPU frequency
14:43 < bridge> <.lepinpin> If i want to recreate an UI in the settings i have to do it in menu settings ?
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kollpotato https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10341#issuecomment-2963399754
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am not 2013 level OG tho xd
14:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but i do know cuz i asked xd
14:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @.lepinpin sounds good
14:45 < bridge> <kollpotato> weird af
14:45 < bridge> <kollpotato> i dont like small r
14:46 < bridge> <chairn> see <https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/intel/xeon_silver/4116#Frequencies<
14:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kollpotato i vaguely remember thinking about that back when i obtained my first ddnet tshirt
14:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** as soon as the casing made it on physical merch its official xd
14:47 < bridge> <chairn> see <https://en.wikichip.org/wiki/intel/xeon_silver/4116#Frequencies>
14:47 < bridge> <kollpotato> wtf u have a ddnet tshirt
14:47 < bridge> <kollpotato> teeshirt
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
14:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** multiple
14:47 < bridge> <kollpotato> epic
14:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** deen published them on some print on demand shop back in the days
14:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think he made an estonishing profit of 0$ per shirt
14:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** astonishing* aaaa
14:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** not sure if its still up
14:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** real gangsters have fridge magnets
14:49 < bridge> <kollpotato> based open source tshirt maker
14:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> waaat even fridge magnets
14:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> i need a teeworlds phone case asap
14:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but fridge magnets are special
14:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you have to be offered one to obtain it
14:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://www.teepublic.com/phone-case/2741338-teeworlds-shirt
14:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its only for secret ddnet puppeteer society
14:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> i can make one myself
14:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that doesnt count
14:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> cant stop me
14:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what is a shirt phone case?
14:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also the design is not teeish and horrible lmao
14:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> i said teeworlds phone case
14:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> yea design is horrible
14:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.6639325f-f59c-4b3d-999b-6353caadd56e.png
15:12 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Sry to disturb again but i still don't understand the UI, added a new section in settings when i launch and i go in, it's the assets settings and after searching when i create a new  CMenus i don't see where its supposed to be called to be displayed
15:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea idk how to respond to that
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** look at something exisiting search all occurences of it
15:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and add your code in the same way
15:15 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Yeah
15:15 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I've done that
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.28ec171f-d35d-41af-83e6-03d0ae96a98b.png
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** does github send emails to it self?
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sender notifications@github.com recipient state_change@noreply.github.com ?????
15:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do they use email as event system or what???
15:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon.9502 git over smtp
15:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Oh wait
15:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Im stupid
15:22 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I found the error
15:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** who is chillerdragon.9502 ? xd
15:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** waddup with these numbers, thats new
15:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1c559df6-22f9-4ef2-89be-872d35752709.png
15:40 < bridge> <milkeeycat> there's a discord account with such name
15:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** with numbers in it?
15:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** since when?
15:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** is it the lgbtq+ one?
15:41 < bridge> <milkeeycat> no, green tee with white feet
15:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** oh lol watafak
15:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** who is it
15:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah its warhammer? xd
15:42 < bridge> <milkeeycat> no, he has a different name
15:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ez imposter
15:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rip the people that send confidental stuff into this chillers dms
15:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i cant wait to see the first "bbbut you told me on discord" message in game xd
15:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or maybe its my dummy idk i think he had discord too
15:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but he also shouldnt have numbers it looks a bit ugly on irc but ill survive
15:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious you are trolling right?
15:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we are making an effort to support your closed src third party project and you react like that?
15:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** not very nice
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon > EDIT: sorry, but this randomly made me very mad.
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> 
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> Don't be mad, I don't think he does this deliberately to annoy devs
15:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i try 
15:57 < bridge> <Assa> I mean I hope :justatest:
15:57 < bridge> <Assa> thanks for your clarification chiller :deen_star:
15:58 < bridge> <Assa> I hope you all count your deen starts I give you, I think currently robyt is in the lead
15:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rossbit the deenstar farmer
15:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so he is ur fav maintainer?
15:59 < bridge> <Assa> I don't have a favourite maintainer, I like all maintainers who get stuff done
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** boring political answer
15:59 < bridge> <Assa> I have a favourite PR tho, and it comes from Jupey ‚ù§Ô∏è
15:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** gotta spice it up with the dev gossip
16:00 < bridge> <kebscs> Remove rust
16:00 < bridge> <Assa> my favourite PR: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/4687
16:00 < bridge> <Assa> 
16:00 < bridge> <Assa> go beat that one
16:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i cant work with avo
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe we should just break kog support and let him deal with it if he reacts like that to us contacting him
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon.9502 avo isnt a maintainer?
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how do u break kog support, its just ddrace üëÄ
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maintainer of what?
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ddnet
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** he isnt
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** he is maintainer of kog
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know
16:09 < bridge> <Assa> I don't understand you there
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know
16:09 < bridge> <Assa> like he said he's gonna test that in dev?
16:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh i gues you didnt specify of what project you didnt like maintainers off
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa is he?
16:10 < bridge> <Assa> he she it doesn#t matter get stuff done
16:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it more sounded like we should test it. He ignored us three times asking to test it
16:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if gamemode == kog: breakprediction()
16:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if the dev server has players i cant vote the map
16:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** there is only one
16:10 < bridge> <Assa> also nobody said anything about the gameflag which we could add
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if you are right about sync being used wrong then changing production has nothing todo with testing
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its just fixing pro
16:11 < bridge> <Assa> I know
16:11 < bridge> <Assa> but I feel like avo is sysadmin, not developer xD
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and if he doesnt change the map on prod even if we somehow managed to confirm its working in dev
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we still cant merge until he changes prod too
16:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i feel like avo is stubborn beyond reasoning
16:12 < bridge> <Assa> we can, he is then just forced to update prod
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** weill either that
16:12 < bridge> <Assa> and it has time too, since we're in beta then
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or nightly will just get runs ruined 
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which i see more likely
16:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** because kog is known for being slow with bug fixes
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its not nice to cause a downgrade with a ddnet update
16:13 < bridge> <Assa> normally we don't ask mod devs if our changes break their mod
16:13 < bridge> <Assa> we only do this exception due to the player number here
16:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i slowly understand why
16:14 < bridge> <Assa> we could still add a gameflag, then this would always work
16:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont understand the gameflag thing
16:15 < bridge> <Assa> servers send gameflags, like fastflags sends a fastflag thing
16:15 < bridge> <Assa> servers send gameflags, like fastflags sends a fastflag flag
16:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so not in the map file
16:15 < bridge> <Assa> and if we add a synchronize flag, new servers would send the sync flag
16:15 < bridge> <Assa> yeah, it's serverside
16:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** hm
16:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** makes the client more complex 
16:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont like it
16:16 < bridge> <Assa> server says "I support synced envelops" and client then gets the flag
16:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the sync stuff is so complex already we cant double complexity with a flag
16:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this will probably cause more problems later
16:16 < bridge> <Assa> we already check for gameflag race
16:16 < bridge> <Assa> so nothing would change except we check for another flag
16:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** phew idk
16:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we really need to do some meetings
16:19 < bridge> <Assa> I am open for developer vc
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sadly no maintainer is so gg
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and avo might also not be interested
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we could do env pr in probably 2 days with proper meeting
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or we do it in 5 years with the current approach
16:20 < bridge> <Assa> we are doing way more currently to be fair
16:20 < bridge> <avolicious> I do have around 30 meetings a week during my normal work time. If they are set up properly, I dont mind. But I dont like coffee talks
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** imagine a meeting where at least 1 person is well prepared to present the entire pr. All the changes explained and ready to show case. Ready to answer all questions.
16:21 < bridge> <Assa> I feel that one from work ... a lot
16:21 < bridge> <Assa> 1 hour meeting where I didn't say anything beside hello and good bye
16:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious yes ofc in many work places meetings can be big bs
16:22 < bridge> <Assa> I could do that for all my rendering PRs and the editor PR
16:22 < bridge> <Assa> without preparing slides, just freestyle
16:22 < bridge> <avolicious> Maybe it makes sense that the server introduces versions like Rust editions
16:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** those would be merings where you can just force a opinion out of a maintainer and quickly discuss if there are doubts about something
16:22 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** meetings*
16:22 < bridge> <Assa> there is an issue about it, but it didn't take traktion üôÅ
16:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious to what end?
16:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** dont we have versions
16:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how would a version help here?
16:23 < bridge> <Assa> we don't have versions in a map for example
16:23 < bridge> <avolicious> I've seen it & it makes sense, but maps and physics...
16:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you want to introduce backcompat based on the version for every change?
16:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk i think i dont get it or it sounds messy
16:24 < bridge> <Assa> no, just increase edition every 5 years or so
16:24 < bridge> <Assa> and fix the gamebreaking stuff that we collected in that time
16:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah so rust has scheduled breaking versions?
16:25 < bridge> <Assa> no, I wish it to be like that
16:25 < bridge> <Assa> ddnet-rs has "editions" but for details you must ask jupey
16:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im not sure if we need multiple breaking updates
16:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but doing one now seems fine to me.
16:26 < bridge> <Assa> one for all issues labeled with fix-changes-physics
16:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the domain incident has shown how doable it is
16:27 < bridge> <Assa> so @chillerdragon should I do a gameflag instead?
16:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious so you would be in to have a call about the env pr?
16:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa hmmm idk doesnt sound too good to me. Especially if we have the alternative solution of not using a flag which seems simpler
16:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe you can convince me with code but then you also have to convince one more maintainer
16:28 < bridge> <Assa> the good thing is that mods could decide, if they want this feature or not
16:29 < bridge> <Assa> the good thing is that gamemods could decide, if they want this feature or not
16:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if you feel like pitching code that might not be accepted go send another commit so everyone can have a look at it
16:29 < bridge> <Assa> did that with the editor integration
16:29 < bridge> <Assa> you can decide, 70 loc with inheritance, 600 loc with that other thing
16:30 < bridge> <Assa> I need one or the other for the editor integration of rendering
16:30 < bridge> <Assa> if that is not done I won't integrate the editor ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
16:31 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think rossbit has stronger feelings there so i cant help u much sorry
16:31 < bridge> <Assa> yeah I know
16:32 < bridge> <learath2> Idk I'd have to bench it to check but gcc seems to think it is worth it
16:32 < bridge> <Assa> @learath2 friendly reminder, that you wanted to look at the sync PR again :justatest:
16:33 < bridge> <chairn> but gcc doesn't use that knowledge
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin> mhh guys is it normal when g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes is true 
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin> the bar spawn for 1 frame 
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin>                 ```if (g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes)
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin>                 {
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin>                     LeftView.HSplitTop(LineSize * 2.0f, &Button, &LeftView);
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin>                     Ui()->DoScrollbarOption(&g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes_X, &g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes_X,                                          &Button, Localize("KeystrokesX"), 0,   100, &CUi::ms_LinearScrollbarScale, CUi::SCROLLBAR_OPTION_MULTILINE, "%");
17:01 < bridge> <.lepinpin>                 }```
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin> mhh guys is it normal when g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes is true 
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin> the bar spawn for 1 frame 
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin>    ```if (g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes)
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin>       {
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin>          LeftView.HSplitTop(LineSize * 2.0f, &Button, &LeftView);
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin>          Ui()->DoScrollbarOption(&g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes_X, &g_Config.m_ClKeyStrokes_X,                                                        &Button, Localize("KeystrokesX"), 0,   100, &CUi::ms_LinearScrollbarScale, CUi::SCROLLBAR_OPTION_MULTILINE, "%");
17:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin>       }```
17:06 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Uhmm even without the if just the scroll bar
17:06 < bridge> <Assa> Does this miss the static id?
17:07 < bridge> <Assa> what is the first argument of DoScrollbarOption?
17:14 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Uhmm i just fixed it sry i just put another statement
17:20 < bridge> <learath2> The people who made gcc presumably do
17:21 < bridge> <learath2> I will try to get it in tomorrow on the plane
17:39 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon we got sync working for q-move as well
18:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Did you change Q-move? Or what happend?
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> this didn't ping me btw
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> 
18:53 < bridge> <Assa> We updated the map with the conversion script, it works on old and new clients, it works even better on new clients
18:53 < bridge> <Assa> this didn't ping me btw
18:53 < bridge> <Assa> 
18:53 < bridge> <Assa> We updated the map with the conversion script, it works on old and new clients, it works even better on new clients than before
19:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2
19:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409220876322472106/sudo-please-do-help-v0-qygrpwlafxkf1.png?ex=68ac96b6&is=68ab4536&hm=3c897aaab716b52f1ad5f577b787ba18e88fa545b54fe2ab8b0b66b1693d41de&
19:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: okay now get avo to updating all maps in prod :p
19:03 < bridge> <Assa> no, we merge the feature and it's up to him to do that
19:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then I will test if we can still sync with vanilla clients and test some more maps like city maps with day and night and merge it
19:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: I feel like he will not do it in time
19:04 < bridge> <Assa> but that is his/her problem not ours
19:05 < bridge> <Assa> yeah no I mean it like that. We need to work with what we have and if others don't do their part, that is their problem ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è at work I am like this as well. I want to see results
19:06 < bridge> <Assa> vanilla clients will ofc not reset on the start line
19:06 < bridge> <Assa> vanilla clients will ofc not reset on the start line, because this is ofc only client sided. they will just sync to server time as usual
19:20 < bridge> <melon> üò¢
19:37 < bridge> <Assa> heinrich closes PR because it doesn't has an issue, people open issues due to panic.
19:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> he gets to fast close issues
19:43 < bridge> <Assa> all my other prs have an issue, this one didn't have one because it was fairly obvious and I wrote what the PR is for
19:47 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Guys i was wondering cuz in never done that before  but i have my code but when ddrace gonna update how i have to do ? i have to ctrl+c ctrl+v a lot of time ?
19:47 < bridge> <Assa> you can rebase on the code changes
19:48 < bridge> <Assa> github will tell you when you need to do it, bug you can do `git pull upstream master --rebase` , please read into rebasing first as this is not trivial
19:48 < bridge> <Assa> github will tell you when you need to do it, but you can do `git pull upstream master --rebase` , please read into rebasing first as this is not trivial
19:49 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Oh okay thx i will watch that right now
19:49 < bridge> <pioooooo> ~~Or manage to upstream your code~~
19:54 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Mhh that seem to be easier for a beginner (like me)
19:54 < bridge> <filoqcus> ü¶Ü
19:54 < bridge> <Assa> no learn rebasing
19:59 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Okay
19:59 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Just wait i got hacked from github x) a year ago but now i need github
21:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I do game on master and play 8 hours daily on kog so it‚Äôs my problem too :/
22:04 < bridge> <Assa> What should come first, the merge or the map udpate?
22:04 < bridge> <Assa> I'd say the merge comes first
22:05 < bridge> <melon> What feature is this about? Can't click chillers reply to see history
22:06 < bridge> <melon> Oh found it
22:07 < bridge> <Assa> envelope sync
22:09 < bridge> <melon> Oh cool!
22:09 < bridge> <melon> 
22:10 < bridge> <melon> Tho I assume you'll harvest hatred if you knowingly "force" the merge of a PR that you know may break X. I can see Heinrich getting mad about and reverting it already :justatest:
22:10 < bridge> <melon> I have no idea about the impl or what it'll actually look like so my message is based on pure assumption xd
22:10 < bridge> <Assa> it may break a feature in a mod, nothing breaks in ddnet and the current state is **utterly broken**
22:11 < bridge> <melon> Can you link the PR? I'll just post it in kogs dev chat so they're informed
22:11 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10679
22:11 < bridge> <melon> Ty!
22:17 < bridge> <Assa> as chiller said already, I can explain this PR in a vc in detail, in so much detail that you get headaches
22:17 < bridge> <melon> :cat_hmm:
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> ```
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> closes # 10678 # 879
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> fixes # 1318, # 1214, # 755 which are wrongfully closed
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> part of # 9511, # 10554
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> ```
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> 
22:35 < bridge> <Assa> progress
22:37 < bridge> <Assa> it's such a rabbit hole, why am I getting insane over this
22:53 < bridge> <kebscs> Closing a pr just to open an issue about the same thing is so bs
22:53 < bridge> <kebscs> The pr would already had an implementation + discussion
22:54 < bridge> <kebscs> The pr  already had an implementation + discussion
22:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> In this case first the map update. Because that‚Äôs the only scenario where we do not break user space
23:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kebscs: I agree. Discussing with implementation is better than without. Ideally the effort to create a implementation should not be wasted and checked in an issue first. But once the pr is there it can be used to discuss.
23:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Maybe Heinrich is a secret enjoyer of the 69 pr goal
23:02 < bridge> <Assa> for nightly users for a day
23:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Not for a day
23:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs kog
23:02 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It will be 6 years
23:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They have gameplay breaking map bugs unfixed since I can remember
23:03 < bridge> <Assa> I'd give them an ultimatum, update in x days or we continue anyway
23:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But then we will be the ones releasing a new ddnet version that works worse
23:04 < bridge> <Assa> since when does ddnet care about mod support?
23:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Since I am maintainer xd
23:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Don‚Äôt you agree that it‚Äôs bad for ddnet if updating the client is breaking the users gameplay?
23:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It encourages not to update
23:07 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We are not talking about a minor inconvenience here. Or about a feature that‚Äôs missing for a few days. This is fully excluding users that updated from playing these maps.
23:08 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder how many maps of kog use this
23:08 < bridge> <totar> I think emojis are fine tbh
23:09 < bridge> <Assa> this is not about emojis xD
23:09 < bridge> <totar> maybe at some point it was :feelsbadman:
23:10 < bridge> <Assa> going to talk to avo tomorrow
23:15 < bridge> <kebscs> Exactly
