00:01 < bridge> <kebscs> what cool thing?
00:15 < bridge> <robyt3> Google on direct course to make Android even more closed: https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2025/08/elevating-android-security.html
00:15 < bridge> <robyt3> Soon you will need to register as developer using your legal documentation to be able to sideload your own apps on your own device.
00:16 < bridge> <kebscs> bs
00:16 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> ddnet in appstore NEVER!
00:17 < bridge> <kebscs> another rule for "safety"
00:18 < bridge> <robyt3> > You shouldn‚Äôt have to choose between open and secure.
00:18 < bridge> <robyt3> So we'll take away the openness :pepeW:
00:19 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Like in the t client and other the bindwheel wich is really usefull et used a lot or command in cactuc client to war ppl to clone their skin.....
00:20 < bridge> <kebscs> ddnet wants to stay more clean, rather than add visuals/unwanted features
00:21 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Ohh Okay
00:21 < bridge> <kebscs> clone someone skin, add to war isnt really something most players would use
00:21 < bridge> <kebscs> we, devs, lately try to bring some in more usefull features from tclient like fastinput
00:22 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Yeah i understand that
00:22 < bridge> <.lepinpin> But the bindwheel what do you  think abt that ?
00:22 < bridge> <kebscs> idk im not the decision maker
00:23 < bridge> <kebscs> you can make an issue about that on github
00:23 < bridge> <kebscs> idk im not the decision maker, just volunteer contributor
00:23 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Oh Okay i'll do that when i can
00:23 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Thx
00:25 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Also make the hitbox visible it is considered as cheat ? cuz it make easier to tower and that can be usefull
00:32 < bridge> <kollpotato> technically what's not in the default client and gives advantage can be considered cheating BUT no one cares unless it's something like a replay bot/aim bot
00:34 < bridge> <totar> so like, rip android version? https://9to5google.com/2025/08/25/android-apps-developer-verification/
00:34 < bridge> <totar> I'm not doing this
00:35 < bridge> <totar> ah someone already posted it
00:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> an app is made than more than 1 person
00:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> what about code written by now dead people
00:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> or people no longer contactable
00:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> are you gonna spend money to find people long gone?
00:45 < chillerbot12> You can see donors and how to donate here https://ddnet.org/funding/
00:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thank u chilerbot
00:46 < bridge> <totar> This is probably in no small part to target apps like ReVanced that patch apps on your phone create a new apk that you install. It makes that workflow literally impossible
00:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have heard of thinks that patch apks why is that not possible anymore?
00:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if the developer of that is "verified" then it doesnt pollute
00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> "ReVanced" seems to be a yt thing
00:48 < bridge> <totar> because the new apk won't be associated with the developer of either app
00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and some patcher thing
00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> choose better names people
00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh i guess you cant just share private keys
00:48 < bridge> <kebscs> revanced isnt on google store and also relies on side loaded apks for patching without root
00:49 < bridge> <totar> you can't install it if someone doesn't put their name on it. and if google finds out you have your name on the youtube ad block app then they will ban you account and someone else need to do it again
00:49 < bridge> <totar> you can't install it if someone doesn't put their name on it. and if google finds out you have your name on the youtube ad block app then they will ban your account and someone else need to do it again
00:49 < bridge> <kebscs> revanced isnt on google store and also relies on side loaded apks for patching without root. also not just yt lately
00:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theyre meant to review apps added to google play anyway
00:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so is this just trying to kill .apk installs
00:50 < bridge> <totar> to some extent they do prevent a large amount of literal malware from being on the playstore
00:50 < bridge> <totar> not all of it
00:50 < bridge> <totar> but it's a barrier
00:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i want plants v zombies w/o adds and w/ creepy sunflower mod
00:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> !!
00:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> have u seen the pvz mobile app
00:51 < bridge> <totar> no..
00:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> they put ads and microtransactions in it
00:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> they being ea
00:52 < bridge> <totar> oh
00:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):
00:52 < bridge> <totar> I thought you meant unoffical pvz app
00:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no but i bet there are pvz mobile cracks
00:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> with no ads and cheats
00:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and you wouldnt be able to do that anymore
00:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and would be forced to the ad version
00:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (it worked offline luckily)
01:15 < bridge> <teero777> sadge
01:19 < bridge> <Ewan> the third definition, or all 3?
01:20 < bridge> <Ewan> im curious what u thought it meant before if not just the third
01:20 < bridge> <Ewan> or if u didn't know idk
01:21 < bridge> <Ewan> > cynicism is basically the little bit more fancy more rare brother of sarcasm
01:21 < bridge> <Ewan> tbh when i hear the word cynicism i think more of skepticism than sarcasm
02:23 < bridge> <markfuntik13> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1403100340810940611/1409606242795524136/1.jpg?ex=68adfd9d&is=68acac1d&hm=00b675ee890a04e000c64336c5d0c81f526d554d2e6e33af66e826c27b4c9f9d&=&format=webp&width=990&height=1320 https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1403100340810940611/1409606243160555671/2.jpg?ex=68adfd9d&is=68acac1d&hm=652eea45845187f8b24d9877cc891f70344fdb2dc99e77eb3695a3b24cd40cc4&=&format=webp&width=990&height=1320 https://media.dis
07:16 < bridge> <cookity> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1056462980855894038/1409763736121774100/1.png?ex=68ae904a&is=68ad3eca&hm=fbd0404c12642e93107e82df5f67e7b570c89eb7fb9743540bbee890ae05b045&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
07:16 < bridge> <cookity> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1056462980855894038/1409763748268212247/2.png?ex=68ae904d&is=68ad3ecd&hm=1ddb373c7313d95d0230b686906aee2fdf58739457e4fd851676bd2949883451&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
07:16 < bridge> <cookity> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1056462980855894038/1409763758632337479/3.jpg?ex=68ae9050&is=68ad3ed0&hm=6018be0f99cca2aa8acae73755a3745957d5cb1e82e5a59d64a4f398b06b3265&=&format=webp @everyone
07:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> STOP CLICKING ONT HESE
07:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS FREE MONEY
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> #[thread_local]
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> static TLS_VAR: Cell<u32> = Cell::new(20);
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub fn main(mut args: Vec<String>) -> u64 {
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println!("tls value: {}", TLS_VAR.get());
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     TLS_VAR.set(40);
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println!("tls value: {}", TLS_VAR.get());
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     0
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409777196268130355/image.png?ex=68ae9cd3&is=68ad4b53&hm=f82ae8aa515ae416cceae31fed44c0c43fc7de4c12aaf840d9bef742446a40a6&
07:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> pog i got thread locals
07:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont have threads so i guess it isnt useful
07:59 < bridge> <Ewan> they will be helpful in adding the threads tho
08:26 < bridge> <Assa> gumo ^^
08:27 < bridge> <Assa> chiller must hate me because I keep opening unclosable issues üôÅ but if I want to implement anything I need to open an issue
08:33 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon do you believe this might be good for beginners?
08:38 < bridge> <Ewan> gm assa
08:38 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409788973655527464/IMG_9125.png?ex=68aea7cb&is=68ad564b&hm=fbf5a79733a1afe4b36e74a0c1672f606269c401b948155d00bbf71b31185eeb&
08:38 < bridge> <Ewan> ur not wrong
09:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> i kinda could already do single cpu threads but i havent done smp yet
09:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Ewan eh yes sure cynicism is not the same meaningwise. I just wanted to say not knowing "cynicism" is almost as bad as not knowing "sarcasm"
09:26 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa u mean https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10760 good first issue?
09:47 < bridge> <Assa> yes (I hate that you don't see links sometimes)
09:48 < bridge> <Assa> > Percentage of what? Distance to the current cl_default_zoom ?
09:48 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:48 < bridge> <Assa> Do I actually need to explain this ü§î do you not know how browser zoom works?
09:48 < bridge> <Assa> uhm I guess yes, percentage to the default zoom
09:49 < bridge> <Assa> going to add a few screenshots
09:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i once was planning a plugin for my webchat to see the github actions too but then i got lazy
09:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** need to convince deen to turn Nimda on again
10:01 < bridge> <Assa> what qualifies as a good issue? I find this quite simple tbh üòÑ Yes I may need to reformulate and make this absolute clear, but @.lepinpin here could already solve this I believe
10:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** As far as i understood heinrich the issue has to be dead simple, well defined and be feature accepted.
10:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** But since the horror incident of https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/9780 i do not know what heinrich wants
10:05 < bridge> <Assa> If I'd clearly define that, I'd say "Use the dashcam one based on the default vanilla percentage" and "The zoom should hide after it's finished + 1 second"
10:06 < bridge> <Assa> If I'd clearly define that, I'd say "Make something similar to the dashcam one based on the default vanilla percentage" and "The zoom should hide after it's finished + 1 second"
10:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then its still a feature so it needs two maintainer approvals
10:09 < bridge> <Assa> yes ofc. I have trouble returning to default zoom sometimes because there is no feedback. I need to do it on feel and I am often off by 1, this is actually a QoL for me üòÑ
10:09 < bridge> <Assa> is this maybe also an accessibility feature?
10:10 < bridge> <Assa> is this maybe also an accessibility feature? I guess maybe indirectly but not really
10:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I think you have to lobby to another maintainer with this one
10:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe josspit is a good fit
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> I don't know why this one requires a lobby, it's quite obvious for me at least
10:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** Then it should be easy to lobby :) 
10:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i wont reject it
10:23 < bridge> <Aoe> I only use my zoom-out bind and then another bind as my default. When playing, I never zoom in.
10:23 < bridge> <Aoe> 
10:23 < bridge> <Aoe> ``bind mouse4 "zoom 10"``
10:23 < bridge> <Aoe> ``bind mouse5 "zoom-"``
10:32 < bridge> <Assa> I use cntrl +/- like in every other software with zoom ever
10:39 < bridge> <fushi_gg> just bind reset zoom?
10:42 < bridge> <fushi_gg> I hate this so much
10:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 do you label issues with mouse or with ``l`` ? Github has quite a few shortcuts that can be listed with ``?`` i feel like i do not use enough of them
10:45 < bridge> <fushi_gg> you already have a warning and need to enable installating apps from untrusted sources, what's the point of completly locking it down, might as well use apple phones then
10:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Aoe zooming in in tiny gores parts is underrated btw
10:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** it improved my skill by a lot because the part seems easier when the 1 tiler is as big as the entire screen
10:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its all mind games
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> time to root your phone
10:47 < bridge> <Aoe> Yea, I used to have my default at 9, but I've been playing a bit of Gores lately, and I changed it to 10.
10:50 < bridge> <fushi_gg> aren't they trying to crack down on that too?
10:51 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't think I've used keyboard shortcuts on GitHub
10:55 < bridge> <Aoe> Some Gores players even use stretched resolution. I prefer not to change my 16:9, but I think it might actually be good for Gores.
11:10 < bridge> <Assa> does somebody know what's the sequence in CFreeFormItem? I assumed it's just clockwise üôà
11:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 wait not even "t" for the file finder?
11:26 < bridge> <robyt3> "T" for files doesn't seem very intuitive. I mostly look at files in my editor, GitHub keeps making the file browser worse, it barely works in Firefox
11:31 < bridge> <learath2> I think I only use github for blames
11:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** works in my firefox ü§∑
11:45 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 @chillerdragon any opinions on this?
11:46 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409836265011941396/screenshot_2025-08-26_11-44-56.png?ex=68aed3d7&is=68ad8257&hm=c08add1d3eae9bd9ce87aacb5e3b1361d6e3f872fe54252b13c0e48b6f782b6d&
11:46 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409836265821438035/screenshot_2025-08-26_11-45-19.png?ex=68aed3d7&is=68ad8257&hm=f7d60612e1e03a2b7184b0e0a3296fee4fde048c05195364b2ae503b935b8ceb&
11:48 < bridge> <.lepinpin> What r u doing :O ?
11:49 < bridge> <jxsl13> the construction helmet is lit.
11:49 < bridge> <robyt3> Same
11:50 < bridge> <Assa> Adding a debug rendering option
11:50 < bridge> <robyt3> Try scrolling left and right on a long file. It keeps losing the scrolling position for me, so the selection and text are misaligned
11:50 < bridge> <Assa> Adding a debug rendering option, this screenshot show a group and a quad clip
11:52 < bridge> <Assa> he uploaded the skin :brownbear: 
11:52 < bridge> <Assa> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/295908390956433410/1396762675555467284
11:53 < bridge> <Assa> also work safety has priority üë∑
12:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** looks good to me @Assa 
12:40 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> You know you could just `bind key zoom`
12:56 < bridge> <Assa> yes, I'll add it to my 40 other binds ‚úçÔ∏è because binds are so accessible compared to that
12:56 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> :greenthing:
12:57 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> scroll wheel to zoom, middle click to reset
12:57 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> truly the supreme way to check your surroundings
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> I'll add that one actually to my ddnet config profiles
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> I made binds to switch between binds
12:58 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> that's actually very sensible and also like the obvious way to do advanced binds
12:59 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> just a shame that the only feedback you can use is `echo`
12:59 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'd use Tater for the bind wheel but https://ddnet.org/downloads must reign supreme
13:01 < bridge> <pioooooo> Another rust L
13:02 < bridge> <pioooooo> Also tclient's status bar looks really good
13:07 < bridge> <Assa> Now this makes makes me actually think about switching clients
13:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i need ur help for rcon, call me maybe
13:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ITS GOOD FOR ME TOO!
13:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if its in the top right under the fps/pred margin
13:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> then i think thats best
14:02 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs that one was pretty unnecessary
14:03 < bridge> <Assa> actually pissed me off
14:03 < bridge> <kebscs> why?
14:03 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont see the use case for this in ddnet
14:03 < bridge> <kebscs> "browsers do this" doesnt really apply to a game
14:04 < bridge> <Assa> > You can estimate the zoom level just by looking at the screen
14:04 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:04 < bridge> <Assa> I wouldn't have opened this issue if I could, you just show me how skillchecked I am
14:04 < bridge> <kebscs> you either are zoomed out or in
14:04 < bridge> <Assa> browsers did this is not the fucking reason I opened that issue. It was an example on HOW TO DO IT
14:04 < bridge> <kebscs> you dont need to know how much
14:05 < bridge> <kebscs> yea but theres no other reason in the issue üòÇ
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> I played for 16 years on default zoom, if I am off by 1 I actually can't play the game anymore
14:05 < bridge> <kebscs> theres default zoom key
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> is it default binded?
14:05 < bridge> <kebscs> i think so
14:06 < bridge> <Assa> is this a userfriendly solution? I wonder why you all are against a small fucking box showing for a short time when zooming
14:06 < bridge> <kebscs> not against, just not usefull to me
14:06 < bridge> <Assa> At least I don't have it by default.
14:06 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409871709275951215/screenshot_2025-08-26_14-06-32.png?ex=68aef4d9&is=68ada359&hm=978d089831ad1ba71f63ee662296168ec182e115715092612e081e1fd5374f90&
14:06 < bridge> <kebscs> kp_multiply
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> I guess Robyt is also fine since he didn't say anything
14:52 < bridge> <fushi_gg> it would be a good start for implementing a notification system
14:52 < bridge> <fushi_gg> so maybe we could also take system messages out of the chat and display them elsewhere
14:52 < bridge> <fushi_gg> I think ddnet-rs already does it
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> I have no idea what you have in mind, I am talking about a 20px x 10px gui element which is visible for like 2 sec <.<
14:54 < bridge> <Assa> 20 loc
15:00 < bridge> <fushi_gg> maybe it wasn't ddnet-rs but the pulse client has it
15:01 < bridge> <fushi_gg> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409885483860758659/image0.jpg?ex=68af01ad&is=68adb02d&hm=cb68ff051f36353ffc9ab7a6f17ff5829fe0fdf5eec95369539e131d24cceab0&
16:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> does anybody know the equivalent program of  https://linux.die.net/man/1/mcopy for macos? maybe @learath2 ?
16:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh i can simply install mtools
16:02 < bridge> <learath2> Never really needed it
16:03 < bridge> <reitw> there's also dos2unix for that
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> odd my kernel hangs on qemu on macos
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> when trying to run a program from fs
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> well, it looks like it fails to mount root lol
16:28 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Guys by any chance don't search if u don't know but do you know the exact radius of the reach of the hammer ?
16:46 < bridge> <Assa> I believe it was 14 + 32 +1 distance from the middle of a Tee
16:46 < bridge> <Assa> 14 as the Tee radius and 32 is tile width
16:47 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Uhmm okey thx
16:56 < ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.321bf74f-e7b8-47c3-b6b8-2d4e56464722.png
16:56 < ChillerDragon> thats a first xd
16:56 < ChillerDragon> saw this after returning from afk to kog
16:56 < ChillerDragon> gg rcon bug in my client?
16:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> chiller save this pic
16:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409914528023707740/image.png?ex=68af1cba&is=68adcb3a&hm=00c57b6e519742937e82a5e76b086c9e1e2eb441299c541a4204df4335cac3f8&
16:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** looks familiar
16:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ChillerData/Pictures/blob/master/Wallpapers/ddnet.png
16:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** saved @ryozuki 
17:05 < bridge> <Assa> omg rebuild the old windows wallpaper in ddnet üß†
17:15 < bridge> <melon> deciper that tee for me please
17:15 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409919191162683413/image.png?ex=68af2112&is=68adcf92&hm=0035e08fdad14b2e07173675b9afbd2df93502c096eecffaa36a20226e83990a&
17:16 < bridge> <melon> looks exactly like my old tee but i dont think i'm in that
17:28 < bridge> <teero777> tf is this chiller XD
17:28 < bridge> <teero777> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409922355937149029/CaveCowsLGL.png?ex=68af2404&is=68add284&hm=2dd0a71cc512d6828a4f4fc884a54f6c5a217b17ee47bf84436c5b68034d1bc6&
17:34 < bridge> <Assa> Tierhaltungsstufe 1 :justatest:
17:35 < bridge> <melon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10711
17:35 < bridge> <melon> 
17:35 < bridge> <melon> chiller got 4 admins in a single PR :feelsscary:
18:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @teero777: leak. Where did you even find that
18:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> moosh pit
18:01 < bridge> <chillerdragon> lmao moooooosh pit
18:05 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon, wanna sit down and talk about the design of access levels tomorrow?
18:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://tenor.com/view/corner-sit-deer-gif-10844181262590199499
18:17 < bridge> <Assa> you shared your screenshots repo.
18:59 < bridge> <Tezcan> I am not in the picture, so its not old enough
19:00 < bridge> <Tezcan> lecker
19:00 < bridge> <Assa> don't worry, you are in mine ü§£
19:02 < bridge> <Assa> @hopetez
19:02 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409946048834568293/Auenseiter.png?ex=68af3a15&is=68ade895&hm=8db84656a87f7efd55d0d8bab29f78390ed464501cec0c7e256846ef959317cd&
19:02 < bridge> <Tezcan> i have to dust off my old pc and get that hdd out of it and look for teeworlds pictures :justatest:
19:02 < bridge> <Tezcan> lmao
19:03 < bridge> <Assa> oh that was long ago, this is a 0.7 screenshot ü§£
19:03 < bridge> <Tezcan> 0.7 feels ancient already
19:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Urgh these tees are so ugly
19:07 < bridge> <Assa> yes, this is catch64, this is the point
19:07 < bridge> <Assa> in this mod you shared skin parts
19:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> This screenshot shows why 0.7 skin system doesn't work in real world
19:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Because then artists have no word in anymore
19:08 < bridge> <Assa> it showed why it works perfectly
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah no, it looks like trash, ngl
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The second skin is fine
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Rest looks shit
19:09 < bridge> <Assa> ^ yeah it looks like trash, this was the point
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah no
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No point in that
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> :lol:
19:10 < bridge> <Assa> I put you now in the "no fun" section on my list ‚úçÔ∏è
19:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> True
19:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I am also on that category on my list
19:11 < bridge> <Assa> this is exactly what a no fun person would say ü§î  (please don't take this too serious)
19:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> How should I take smth not serious if I don't understand fun
19:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> üò¨
19:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dont take that serious bro chill
19:12 < bridge> <Tezcan> lmao
19:12 < bridge> <Tezcan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409948631565598922/screenshot_2014-11-23_19-50-08.png?ex=68af3c7d&is=68adeafd&hm=fa4a617e6308814e8c15c985fd35dc2153a3c90bcd98c229cd6bcd0a8286a540&
19:13 < bridge> <Assa> I still have my weekly review token, and 38 - 26 < 20 :justatest:
19:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Which PR
19:13 < bridge> <Assa> #10755 disclaimer, it supersedes another PR which is bigger and this needs a maintainer doing a decision
19:13 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10755
19:14 < bridge> <Assa> so if you don't want to review this, I'd totally understand
19:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That is not a cleanu
19:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That is not a cleanup
19:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That's a logic change
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> it's actually not, if you read the issue linked to it
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> because this is bugged
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> it's actually not, if you read the (latest) issue linked to it
19:16 < bridge> <Assa> if you mean this bit `Okay this PR does also a little bit more by using the prediction tick, just because it's more reliable. Nobody touched the code for 8 years and I felt bothered to update this.` Okay then you're right, then I'll rename it if you want
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The problem is.. you remove a feature
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> instead of fixing the underlaying issue
19:17 < bridge> <Assa> fixing the issue is the other PR
19:17 < bridge> <Assa> here #10679 if you want to take part of this lenghty annoying discussion
19:17 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10679
19:18 < bridge> <Assa> Feature is bugged, you can fix it, you can remove it, maintainers choice
19:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Fix like in ddnet-rs
19:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Lol
19:18 < bridge> <Assa> I literally pinged deen for clarification which he would like to do, but he just ignored me
19:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I didn't even notice it's buggy, I simply removed global variables
19:18 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It fixed itself
19:19 < bridge> <Assa> then ddnet-rs behaves differently from ddnet
19:19 < bridge> <Assa> not that envelope time is essentially random anyway
19:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then lets go with that version
19:19 < bridge> <Assa> so this doesn't matter, except that kog may not work, you broke kogs q-move feature, how dare you brake a mod
19:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno, why do you want to break it?
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Synced anim generally sounds useful
19:21 < bridge> <Assa> I don't want to break a mod necessarily, but no matter what I do there someone is crying, so that's why the removal PR exists.
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But the fix you linked does not break anything or does it?
19:22 < bridge> <Assa> the fix namely 10679 breaks kog and infection, the "cleanup" breaks nothing and lets old broken maps stay old and broken.
19:22 < bridge> <Assa> the fix namely 10679 breaks kog and infection, the "cleanup" 10755 breaks nothing and lets old broken maps stay old and broken.
19:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> How does it not break anything if it removes the whole sync logic
19:23 < bridge> <Assa> because sync logic is already broken since 8 years, it was removed 8 years ago
19:23 < bridge> <Assa> basically unsynced envelopes still sync with server time, and synced envelopes don't reset on the start line anymore
19:23 < bridge> <Assa> basically unsynced envelopes still sync with server time, and synced envelopes don't reset on the start line anymore <-- this is the current state
19:23 < bridge> <Assa> meaning they behave exactly the same.
19:23 < bridge> <Assa> feature is broken, patched out
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> They sync with m_RoundStartTick
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Just bcs ddrace doesnt use it
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dont see how it cannot be useful
19:24 < bridge> <Assa> round start tick is always 0
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> In ddnet
19:24 < bridge> <Assa> yes
19:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> yes
19:24 < bridge> <Assa> ddnet uses negative warmup time
19:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Ping robyte, tell him about our arguments, let him decide
19:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I don't want to deal with it sry
19:26 < bridge> <Assa> as I said I understand üôÇ
19:26 < bridge> <Assa> yeah robyt must hate me, I cause him so much work
19:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah
19:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We all outsource him
19:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Poor man
19:27 < bridge> <Assa> we need some robyt cloning
19:27 < bridge> <Assa> if we had a perfect robytGPT the AI would rule the world
19:27 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But does Robyte even want to rule the world?
19:27 < bridge> <Assa> no, but this makes him a good ruler
19:30 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> If you had infinite Robyts I'm sure a few of them would come up with the idea
19:35 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We could try to open the multiverse to get some more
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> very few people have ruled the world or come anywhere close. the people who have come close came into power due to wanting to rule the world and being mean enough to seize said rule. this makes us think that wanting to rule the world means that you also have the mean enough that would (hypothetically) let you seize it. this is not true and is an example of confirmation bias as we hear much more about people who do rule the world and want to
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> [cat_WHAT](https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1232341428110233663.webp?size=48&name=cat_WHAT)
19:42 < bridge> <Assa> can't even joke around without mixing in that I wish for a star trek federation with a federated world goverment
19:43 < bridge> <melon> seas would rise if they gave the word
19:44 < bridge> <Assa> xD seas would rise and ice would melt
20:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon how do i prevent the client from keep trying to send info
20:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1409969411049263277/image.png?ex=68af4fd7&is=68adfe57&hm=2cbc6531e0e889d5db2bc7cfe95a133978d6b44b044ee06c885bd985f353b276&
20:40 < bridge> <robyt3> The shown duration is purely visual right now. The client will keep resending its wanted info until the actual info matches it.
20:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ah darn, because i want to allow name changes
20:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but not color skin changes
20:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and if the info cooldown is high uh oh u cant change name easily
21:20 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: can we meet in game when you're free?
21:25 < bridge> <Assa> The zoom level thing was one of that things where I thought "This is fairly obvious, I wonder why we don't have that, shouldn't be a big issue"
21:26 < bridge> <Assa> yeah no. Seems to be only obvious to me
22:36 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Heyo me again i have other question :\ 
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> ```vec2 Pos = GameClient()->m_aClients[i].m_RenderPos;```
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> so here i get all Pos from every player inside a server but here 
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> ```vec2 Pos = GameClient()->m_aClients[LocalID].m_RenderPos;```
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> i want to get it from a "LocalID"  but here 
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> ```int LocalID = GameClient()->m_aClients.m_aLocalIds;```
22:37 < bridge> <.lepinpin> has u can see it did'nt work if u can explain why on if u want help me pls
22:39 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Do you not understand what data types are? `m_aLocalIds` is an array!
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> use GameClient()->m_Snap.m_LocalId
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> use `GameClient()->m_Snap.m_LocalId`
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (do watch out for the value being -1)
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (if you dont care about spectator and stuff use `GameClient()->m_aClients.m_aLocalId[g_Config.m_ClDummy]`
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (if you dont care about spectator and stuff use `GameClient()->m_aClients.m_aLocalId[g_Config.m_ClDummy]`)
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (also watch about for -1)
22:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> boo
22:44 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Thx guys ^^ i'll try
22:57 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Uhmm i found an other way to do than m_Snap.m_LocalId cuz it didnt work instead i used m_Snap.m_LocalClientId and it work perfectly thx
22:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah that
22:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> x-x
23:01 < bridge> <melon> Are we assisting in bot making again
23:01 < bridge> <melon> Are we assisting in bot making again <a:catcry:853242701745750097>
23:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Nah
23:02 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Why u alway tell that ?
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> who was the last botter we helped?
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> evelyn?
23:03 < bridge> <melon> We helped Evelyn spam our servers with adds to buy cracked voldemort
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> evelyn is currently selling something for $15 quid
23:03 < bridge> <melon> We helped Evelyn spam our servers with ads to buy cracked voldemort
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> evelyn is currently selling something for $15
23:04 < bridge> <.lepinpin> My whole code (in hud is that )
23:04 < bridge> <.lepinpin> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410007122485313651/message.txt?ex=68af72f6&is=68ae2176&hm=3d27740f484ec9d8045c1763a859032d370cc957ee36457446461ee1384cf2f8&
23:06 < bridge> <vahemaaa> (in hud)
23:06 < bridge> <.lepinpin> MENUS settings
23:07 < bridge> <.lepinpin> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1410007648325074984/message.txt?ex=68af7374&is=68ae21f4&hm=824ccec3852b2e3b6678e9747978a291c402a19624530f4e373d7f27c0c51680&
23:07 < bridge> <Assa> why do you post that here?
23:07 < bridge> <.lepinpin> cuz they think i make a bot client
23:07 < bridge> <Assa> and posting random code snippets prevents that?
23:08 < bridge> <.lepinpin> :\
23:08 < bridge> <.lepinpin> I can go in vc do a screen share of the whole code
23:09 < bridge> <Assa> Just saying, continue your work ^^ maybe pickup some easy issues from ddnet
23:10 < bridge> <.lepinpin> But i dont do a fricking hack client
23:10 < bridge> <Assa> this also doesn't prove anything, I can show you all my PRs, doesn't mean I don't have my own private gitlab
23:10 < bridge> <Assa> yeah no worries, but don't just send 200 lines of code in the chat please xD
23:10 < bridge> <.lepinpin> K sorry
23:11 < bridge> <.lepinpin> Okey i leave
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if its in file its fine
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> not spam even for chillerdragon
23:11 < bridge> <Assa> no need to leave üôÇ
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> üôÉ
23:11 < bridge> <.lepinpin> :omo:
23:35 < bridge> <mo_lt> I heard he sells voldermort ult for 2$
23:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yay
23:36 < bridge> <mo_lt> Voldemort kinda buns I think
23:58 < bridge> <minerva22_x> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1405167985726984396/1409977461374193785/1.jpg?ex=68af5756&is=68ae05d6&hm=108e5a3afa39afadec4317173cb887574d9b9bab0bb41dff1c0b100ebe37ea47&=&format=webp&width=583&height=777 https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1405167985726984396/1409977461709602926/2.jpg?ex=68af5756&is=68ae05d6&hm=6298556ede9f7e5335cfd8b15a790893da54829301a93e924a1bc119caf706d9&=&format=webp&width=583&height=777 https://media.discor
