00:30 < bridge> <id271> already did it
00:41 < bridge> <flippern010> Anyone got discord link to soundpacks?
01:56 < bridge> <chairn> https://discord.gg/mTVQuEDzzc
11:18 < bridge> <melon> ChillerDragon: why is your bot omegalul rq'ing me
11:18 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396058485837533218/image.png?ex=687cb448&is=687b62c8&hm=9a0522accaa31aa3ad8ed017e59f4082f7e118c0b4d7acbef5e6922bf7a7e678&
11:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> must be undefined behavior
11:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i shipped multi threading this morning so there might be crazy bugs. But tater promised me i will be fine xd
11:19 < bridge> <melon> the worst thing is
11:19 < bridge> <melon> i muted that mf
11:19 < bridge> <melon> yet he omegalul's me
11:20 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> jk i saw u mute so i manually texted u xd
11:20 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> a: buse
12:45 < bridge> <corp22_> Are you guys working on Pakistan server???
12:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> no
14:09 < bridge> <PRO_Gaming1921> Servers go on donations from the community. You can pay for the servers yourself to get them up and running.<a:catyes:1250457011838259283>
15:24 < bridge> <corp22_> But they said you need enough ppl to make the server
15:25 < bridge> <corp22_> They didn't said anything about money
15:25 < bridge> <corp22_> They didn't say anything about money
15:43 < bridge> <pipou_tw> Hi, would it be possible to make the collision on/off switch delay 1 tile work? That's supposed to disable bullet (gun) collision with other tees but it doesn't work.
15:43 < bridge> <pipou_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396125402715525230/image.png?ex=687cf29a&is=687ba11a&hm=b4efc369413aa287126a567cbefee14cfcead507d306a087ccb6ce0f9c6bbba5&
15:44 < bridge> <pipou_tw> Collision on/off in switch layer with delay 0,2,3,4,5 work fine
15:45 < bridge> <pipou_tw> What I want is to be able to use telegun only with walls and not inbetween tees (no bounce off of a tee)
15:46 < bridge> <pipou_tw> I tried to find an alternative using multiple collision tiles but unfortunately it doesn't work either
15:47 < bridge> <pipou_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396126402754904125/image.png?ex=687cf389&is=687ba209&hm=235a3a04620808b7f4f57dba6372503df0c11e11cc00bd9fb4960e5292c06582&
15:48 < bridge> <pipou_tw> What I want here is to give telegun, remove all collision, give back hammer + shotgun + grenade collision
15:48 < bridge> <pipou_tw> So everything besides gun collision
15:49 < bridge> <pipou_tw> The issue is that switch delay 3 is supposed to add grenade collision only but it also gives gun collision as well
15:50 < bridge> <pipou_tw> :justatest:
16:00 < bridge> <PRO_Gaming1921> Ig more people to donate
16:07 < bridge> <corp22_> They i'll make it for free if there are enough people and we do have
16:08 < bridge> <PRO_Gaming1921> You pay for a server?
16:08 < bridge> <corp22_> Nah
16:11 < bridge> <PRO_Gaming1921> :justatest:
16:11 < bridge> <PRO_Gaming1921> Gl with that
16:49 < bridge> <corp22_> I already talked to the admins and developers
17:01 < bridge> <pioooooo> #âœ‰-create-a-ticket admin tickets fit your request more than here
17:07 < bridge> <corp22_> oh alr
20:35 < bridge> <tatak0434> quick video to explain
20:35 < bridge> <tatak0434> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396198882643283989/gunnadeomg.mp4?ex=687d3709&is=687be589&hm=cc651c1c10940709b4ec4c7ac4921801a2f250e4c7981959e05e8a34dd3c9c45&
20:36 < bridge> <tatak0434> the tile "no hit" with delay 3 that should cancel nade cancel gun aswell
20:37 < bridge> <tatak0434> seems that there is a link between the gun and the nade
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434> and btw why is there no GunHitDisabled
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434> bool HammerHitDisabled() const { return m_Core.m_HammerHitDisabled; }
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434>     bool ShotgunHitDisabled() const { return m_Core.m_ShotgunHitDisabled; }
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434>     bool LaserHitDisabled() const { return m_Core.m_LaserHitDisabled; }
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434>     bool GrenadeHitDisabled() const { return m_Core.m_GrenadeHitDisabled; }
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434> ddnet/src/game/server/entities
20:38 < bridge> <tatak0434> /character.h (l 263-266)
20:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @tatak0434 gun hit is not gameplay relevant i guess
20:41 < bridge> <tatak0434> completely agree
20:41 < bridge> <vena6080> Tele gun ????
20:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> oh true 
20:41 < bridge> <vena6080> Jet pack ???
20:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> jetpack hits dont matter
20:42 < bridge> <tatak0434> but why is the grenade linked to the gun (in term of collision)
20:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> telegun is valid tho
20:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> looks like a bug
20:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> disabling hit for tele gun would have an gameplay effect but there is no actual tile that does it so there is no need for the disable code
20:53 < bridge> <tatak0434> but why is disabling/enabling grenade, also disables or enable gun collision
20:53 < bridge> <tatak0434> and only grenade with gun
21:00 < bridge> <chairn> both are projectile with same behaviors
22:01 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> just found a dude with ddnet client version 708 saying he cant upgrade because he wants to see katana sword while frozen
22:01 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hm ....
22:11 < bridge> <pilonpl> It's time to start new initiative Stop Killing DDNet
22:11 < bridge> <pilonpl> The goal of the initiative is to force DDNet devs to never remove any features from the game
22:13 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea if updating isnt a compromise for users backcompat for devs will be easier
22:13 < bridge> <pilonpl> Actually this is a real issue with Stop Killing Games
22:13 < bridge> <pilonpl> Games get updated
22:14 < bridge> <pilonpl> Which can change anything
22:14 < bridge> <kebscs> hes not normally
22:15 < bridge> <pilonpl> So maybe i should also be able to install any version of the game that's ever been released?
22:15 < bridge> <pilonpl> Is that reasonable?
22:15 < bridge> <kebscs> no
22:15 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> xd
22:17 < bridge> <pilonpl> Yeah probably not
22:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> But at the same time the publisher can make their game unplayable
22:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> Which shouldn't be allowed
22:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> Tough question
22:18 < bridge> <Ewan> i believe any cosmetic change like that should be an option
22:19 < bridge> <Ewan> including the hud style
22:19 < bridge> <Ewan> it's kinda bad how the breaking changes are made & a significant portion of people still like it the old way
22:19 < bridge> <Ewan> there's no real reason it has to be forced the new way
22:19 < bridge> <Ewan> same with stars
22:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> saying removing katana for frozen tees as a ui polish update because its supposed to be freeze and not an ninja is unplayable is a bit intense
22:19 < bridge> <Ewan> why do u expect anyone who plays the game to be normal tho
22:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but ye i just wanted to mention it seems to be a serious enough concern for one user to use a quite old ddnet client
22:20 < bridge> <Ewan> they're players they do weird shit
22:20 < bridge> <kebscs> stars been brought back
22:20 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes
22:20 < bridge> <kebscs> katana doesnt make sense tho
22:20 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> tell that the guy that trades katana vs all features since ddnet 7 xd
22:21 < bridge> <pilonpl> I like all the changes
22:21 < bridge> <kebscs> outlier, doesnt really matter
22:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> rude
22:22 < bridge> <pilonpl> I think all major changes have been objectively good
22:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i think the katana thing is objectively good
22:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> what even is objective design
22:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> also not a major change imo
22:23 < bridge> <soulyvevo> new hud is also great
22:23 < bridge> <louis> just compile ur client iwht old settings if u really care that much
22:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the gun position change was bigger
22:23 < bridge> <louis> saying a game should support everything backwards compatible is insane, you'll get nothing done that way
22:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @louis compile?
22:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> he is not a dev
22:23 < bridge> <pilonpl> Idk about the katana because i only started playing near the end of 2021
22:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @louis well backwards compatibility is needed for that guy with old client
22:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if we get him to update we can do less back compat actually
22:24 < bridge> <louis> over network sure but u dont need to make new setting for every single feature getting replaced
22:24 < bridge> <melon> lets just say.. old ddnet was nostalgic - thats why people disliked the change
22:24 < bridge> <melon> same with freeze-bars
22:24 < bridge> <melon> 
22:24 < bridge> <melon> now people love it :p
22:24 < bridge> <louis> im surprised nobody made a ddnet client launcher yet btw
22:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> Humans are so illogical
22:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> Emotional
22:25 < bridge> <soulyvevo> they did
22:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @melon i dont love them
22:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i have freeze bars off
22:25 < bridge> <melon> https://github.com/BlaiZephyr/DDLauncher smh
22:25 < bridge> <melon> :KEKW:
22:25 < bridge> <louis> no pics in the readme so it isn't real
22:25 < bridge> <melon> fuck
22:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://t.me/twlauncher
22:25 < bridge> <melon> wait.. is ddnet even real at this point?
22:25 < bridge> <kebscs> just tell him to switch and he will forget in a day
22:26 < bridge> <melon> "the firsT" is a lie
22:26 < bridge> <melon> :angy:
22:26 < bridge> <pilonpl> Screenshots for any GUI application should be mandatory lol
22:26 < bridge> <melon> i was first blyaa
22:26 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://twlauncher.netlify.app/
22:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @soulyvevo ah ye thats a better url xd
22:27 < bridge> <soulyvevo> also https://github.com/noxygalaxy/TWLauncher
22:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> submitting chillerbot-ux pictures is still on my todo -.-
22:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but im too lazy
22:27 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i never tried it tho but it looks cool
22:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @soulyvevo wanna do it for me? xd
22:27 < bridge> <soulyvevo> what kind of pictures
22:27 < bridge> <louis> that web design is really corny xd no offense though
22:27 < bridge> <kebscs> why would anyone want to switch between clients ðŸ’€
22:27 < bridge> <melon> <a:nicmoji_angry:417333827506274304>
22:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1752956862.png
22:27 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396227046719361145/image.png?ex=687d5144&is=687bffc4&hm=1f170111d2940a0f223777c16e0336d548248f4994ea2afd537d1e812f507337&
22:28 < bridge> <melon> @teero777 should make a launcher in ansi C
22:29 < bridge> <pilonpl> Btw isn't it a bit annoying that you need stuff like prism launcher just to have multiple instances? I think it should be easy to launch any program in it's own environment. How hard could it be?
22:29 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i mean i sometimes switch between vanilla 0.7 and ddnet but tbh its not something i do often so i also dont see any real point xd
22:29 < bridge> <soulyvevo> tho i guess it would make testing nightly builds easier or something
22:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> u in solly?
22:30 < bridge> <melon> ngl, prism launcher is a bit fancy
22:30 < bridge> <melon> 
22:30 < bridge> <melon> the fact that microsoft even allows playing older versions/snapshots is a special case, and that works without prism launcher
22:30 < bridge> <melon> however, prismlauncher is a modpack launcher
22:30 < bridge> <soulyvevo> bro what kinda resolutions are those xd 1024x293
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> idk
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> open issue https://github.com/noxygalaxy/TWLauncher and rant there
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> or just craft some image and send pr and become official twlauncher contributor
22:30 < bridge> <pilonpl> It works kinda but you still need a launcher. Why can't i run any program in a separate environment?
22:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and chillerbot embassador
22:31 < bridge> <soulyvevo> xd
22:31 < bridge> <melon> i mean, you can sandbox anything
22:31 < bridge> <melon> but.. do you want to? :D
22:31 < bridge> <melon> okay enough lazy negativity towards that launcher
22:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> "Launcher for most popular Teeworlds clients."
22:31 < bridge> <melon> they did a good job for what its used for
22:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> **most popular**
22:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> one is missing
22:31 < bridge> <kebscs> what is it used for
22:31 < bridge> <kebscs> who uses multiple clients
22:32 < bridge> <melon> you'd be amazed.
22:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> <:justatest:572499997178986510> i know some
22:32 < bridge> <soulyvevo> wait so it needs some kind of start menu logo right?
22:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ye
22:32 < bridge> <kebscs> i really dont see a point
22:32 < bridge> <soulyvevo> like this one
22:32 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396228149284442133/gui_logo.png?ex=687d524b&is=687c00cb&hm=f03f944fe75801b53d6789dcb89a09f03edfb894b4121dcff8498608489720a3&
22:32 < bridge> <kebscs> tater has all the bloat you need
22:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ye
22:32 < bridge> <melon> a lot of people switch between tater for fast input
22:32 < bridge> <melon> cactus for warlists
22:32 < bridge> <melon> StA-Client for visuals
22:32 < bridge> <melon> steam for something
22:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> u can even see chillerbot in the github readme
22:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its clickbait
22:32 < bridge> <kollpotato> this is written in javascript???
22:32 < bridge> <kollpotato> oh hell no
22:32 < bridge> <kebscs> doubt
22:32 < bridge> <kebscs> a lot, probably like 5
22:32 < bridge> <soulyvevo> maybe it is bloat but its bloated with love
22:32 < bridge> <melon> no, a lot
22:32 < bridge> <melon> i'm not allowed to leak internal data, but. a. lot
22:33 < bridge> <pilonpl> I think stuff should be as separate as possible, imagine if you could easily just create a new home directory for a program instead of polluting your real home
22:33 < bridge> <pilonpl> Wouldn't that be great?
22:33 < bridge> <kebscs> not to downplay the project but it has 6 stars
22:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hater
22:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i had similar ambitions but i never got anywhere because i want something simple and compelx at the same time so egh
22:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 2nd class linxu support is also scary ebcause im not so sure if its just going to rm -rf my home directory
22:34 < bridge> <pilonpl> The way programs are treated as extensions of what the user does is a bit stupid too since you shouldn't trust programs more than necessary
22:34 < bridge> <kebscs> my league project with 10x stars has 90 unique weekly visitors and league is so much bigger than ddnet
22:34 < bridge> <kebscs> i doubt ppl do switch ddnet clients
22:35 < bridge> <kebscs> they are as real as chiller's roommates ðŸ˜‚
22:35 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wtf is going on w my roommates
22:35 < bridge> <melon> i didnt refer to the launcher with my statement that a lot of people switch clients actively
22:36 < bridge> <melon> they just.. gamble which client to startup
22:36 < bridge> <melon> like - people use cactus when PVP'ing, tater for gores and steam for ddnet because idfk
22:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and voldemort for fng
22:36 < bridge> <melon> ._.
22:37 < bridge> <soulyvevo> voldemort is for block
22:37 < bridge> <melon> nah, they're so easy to clap
22:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> one said voldemort is for gores
22:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> because it has "last" info
22:37 < bridge> <melon> ðŸ’€
22:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> xxxD
22:37 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i guess that too
22:37 < bridge> <soulyvevo> at least thats where i see the most voldemortians
22:38 < bridge> <melon> i find most of them blocking on AiP-Gores.
22:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> xd
22:38 < bridge> <melon> :cat_hmm:
22:38 < bridge> <pilonpl> AiP-Gores
22:38 < bridge> <pilonpl> Awesome map
22:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> fr
22:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> dm1 of gores
22:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ok so who sends pr now to bring old katana back=
22:39 < bridge> <pilonpl> Actually why not
22:39 < bridge> <pilonpl> It could be a fun new feature
22:39 < bridge> <pilonpl> What do you think Stanley?
22:39 < bridge> <pilonpl> Lol
22:39 < bridge> <soulyvevo> biggest ddnet mystery of all time: what happened to ddnet1.svg
22:39 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396230057617264711/image.png?ex=687d5412&is=687c0292&hm=ec7d5470e44c5c4f6d5851cf721ca83d039d7080f7171550303a7c42d6d0e6aa&
22:39 < bridge> <soulyvevo> why is this called ddnet2
22:39 < bridge> <pilonpl> Idk why i thought about the Stanley Parable
22:40 < bridge> <melon> delete this souly, we're not allowed to talk about ddnet2 yet
22:40 < bridge> <soulyvevo> xd
22:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> and why does it overlap on the main section
22:40 < bridge> <melon> didnt we have an Issue about bringing katana back and heinrich disagreed? or was that about stars. ChillerDragon.
22:40 < bridge> <melon> didnt we have an Issue about bringing katana back and heinrich disagreed? or was that about stars. ChillerDragon:
22:40 < bridge> <kollpotato> i sometimes click on it accidentally xd
22:41 < bridge> <pilonpl> I think there is a way to bring the katana back
22:41 < bridge> <pilonpl> You just have to sell the idea
22:41 < bridge> <pilonpl> Include it as an easter egg or something
22:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i want quick access to alot of stuff
22:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tater/master/<every other client>/teeworlds
22:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i would like it to handle checking out and creating build environents for me (although in the case of multiplatform, it would be linux only until someone trustworthy in 30m)
22:41 < bridge> <melon> one out of 100 freezes holds katana
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bug?
22:42 < bridge> <melon> no, but i want that included
22:42 < bridge> <pilonpl> Actually yeah we include that
22:42 < bridge> <pilonpl> Then someone thinks it's a bug
22:43 < bridge> <pilonpl> So we fix it by making the katana always present
22:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @blaiszephyr: I think it was stars. But not sure
22:44 < bridge> <pilonpl> Or maybe just add modding support?
22:44 < bridge> <melon> oh hell no dont open up the magic #7777
22:44 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> IM TRYING TO EDIT MY MESSAGE
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> BUT FUCKING TOUCHPAD GOT DAMP
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> AAA
22:45 < bridge> <jxsl13> r.i.p. #7777
22:45 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i want quick access to alot of stuff
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tater/master/<every other client>/teeworlds
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i would like it to handle checking out and creating build environents for me (although in the case of multiplatform, it would be linux only until someone trustworthy adds it)
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i mention 7777 in every pr because im salty
22:45 < bridge> <jxsl13> that's good
22:45 < bridge> <jxsl13> big thumbs up
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xd
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its often to justify pretty outlandish things
22:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sometimes its not
22:46 < bridge> <pilonpl> What is this?
22:46 < bridge> <jxsl13> read it
22:46 < bridge> <jxsl13> and cry
22:46 < bridge> <kebscs> https://tenor.com/view/imsoriri-reading-gif-25276038
22:47 < bridge> <jxsl13> and then tell us whether you actually cried
22:47 < bridge> <kebscs> its good issue
22:48 < bridge> <pilonpl> Too much to read
22:48 < bridge> <soulyvevo> fuck your #7777
22:48 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
22:48 < bridge> <soulyvevo> #10162 is the real pain
22:48 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10162
22:48 < bridge> <soulyvevo> :feelsbadman:
22:48 < bridge> <kebscs> basically wont allow prs that do absolutely nothing to ddnet
22:49 < bridge> <kebscs> example: solly pr that wants to change entire country flags code, just so he can add new flag to tater client
22:49 < bridge> <pilonpl> Interesting
22:50 < bridge> <pilonpl> But actually why
22:50 < bridge> <pilonpl> If it doesn't do anything it means it doesn't do anything bad
22:50 < bridge> <kebscs> extra work to mantain for no benefit]
22:51 < bridge> <kebscs> extra work to mantain for no benefit
22:51 < bridge> <pilonpl> Oh ok
22:51 < bridge> <pilonpl> That makes sense
22:52 < bridge> <pilonpl> I thought it improved the code overall
22:52 < bridge> <jxsl13> refactoring also does not do anything
22:53 < bridge> <melon> roby will eat your shoes for that statement
22:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> but is still sometimes necessary
22:53 < bridge> <kebscs> refactoring does improve the code
22:53 < bridge> <melon> on a serious note:
22:53 < bridge> <melon> 
22:53 < bridge> <melon> it increases maintainability and readability (atleast it attempts to)
22:53 < bridge> <jxsl13> would refactoring be denied by 7777?
22:54 < bridge> <jxsl13> ðŸ‘€
22:54 < bridge> <kebscs> ofc no
22:54 < bridge> <pilonpl> Btw can you really not reproduce the #10520 issue? I commented on it today
22:54 < bridge> <jxsl13> you could refactor flags for better extensebility
22:54 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10520
22:55 < bridge> <kebscs> but we dont want better extensibility
22:55 < bridge> <kebscs> modded client can do that already, and changing ddnet code for the sake of change doesnt make sense
22:55 < bridge> <jxsl13> that's the problem here
22:56 < bridge> <kebscs> the countryflag pr was basically: change how countryflags work just bcs i want to have it easier in my modded client
22:56 < bridge> <jxsl13> I mean, it should stay backware conpatible
22:56 < bridge> <jxsl13> backward
22:56 < bridge> <jxsl13> compatible
22:56 < bridge> <kebscs> but ddnet wont be changing the flags
22:57 < bridge> <jxsl13> if tue iso/rfc spec changes, you probably will or if an extension is released.
22:57 < bridge> <jxsl13> the
22:57 < bridge> <jxsl13> maybe flags will be removed
22:58 < bridge> <jxsl13> looking at the current geopolitical shiet going down.
22:58 < bridge> <kebscs> theres 700 slots for new flags anyway in ddnet code
22:58 < bridge> <pilonpl> Now i wonder how flags work
22:59 < bridge> <pilonpl> Why would there be specifically 700 slots?
22:59 < bridge> <jxsl13> I'm just arguing or the sake of arguing. Got no skin in the game.
22:59 < bridge> <kebscs> 0-999 slots, about 200 are thaken
22:59 < bridge> <kebscs> 0-999 slots, about 200 are taken
22:59 < bridge> <pilonpl> So why are there 1k slots
22:59 < bridge> <kebscs> why not
22:59 < bridge> <pilonpl> Such a random value
23:00 < bridge> <jxsl13> for when ww3 hits
23:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> And why can't you have 2^32 slots?
23:01 < bridge> <pilonpl> Is it easy to increase the slot count?
23:01 < bridge> <pilonpl> Should be i guess?
23:01 < bridge> <pilonpl> But then why would it be 1k
23:01 < bridge> <pilonpl> And not just the number of slots taken
23:01 < bridge> <kebscs> its just a number
23:01 < bridge> <kebscs> the server sends
23:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> half of it is refacotirng, a small part is allow larger flag descriptions, allow negative codes
23:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the last 2 changes equate to 2 lines of diff
23:02 < bridge> <kebscs> how is it refactoring when you made it worse
23:03 < bridge> <kebscs> and who needs a larger flag description
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> unordered map vs vector and lookuptable
23:03 < bridge> <kebscs> isnt a flag already descriptive enough
23:03 < bridge> <kebscs> thats the point of flags
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ;--;
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> grr
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> this is why i just gave up
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im on the side of i cant be bothered to touch ddnet anymore
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i just feel like everythings stuck in the mud
23:03 < bridge> <kebscs> dw we need 5th nameplates refactor
23:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> there was 2
23:03 < bridge> <kebscs> ðŸ˜‚
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i cant be using the "why u being so rude" line when its only lazily negative
23:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> just
23:05 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://tenor.com/view/crash-out-bunny-rabbit-im-gif-10075768982376662002
23:05 < bridge> <kebscs> im just having a laugh
23:05 < bridge> <kebscs> this is negative tho
23:05 < bridge> <kebscs> some prs are stuck but a lot is merged
23:06 < bridge> <kebscs> would love the louis's target switched :D
23:06 < bridge> <kebscs> would love the louis's target switches :D
23:07 < bridge> <melon> :angeryturtle: <- literally bunbun rn
23:07 < bridge> <melon> (dont have angy bunbun pic rn sry)
23:08 < bridge> <melon> i want freddies high bandwidth PR :c
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i cant do anything big because idk wtf im doing and the big things im excited about are on indefinate hold
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> anything small gets moved to tclient or i cant be bothered or "i dont think i need to say anything"
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my negativity and semi-crashout is to the negativy i am expressing here and was seeing in your messages
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its okay
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I WANT PACKET LOSS PROTECTION
23:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I CANT PLAY DDNET
23:09 < bridge> <kebscs> just open issue before starting a pr
23:09 < bridge> <kebscs> if its big
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> all i can do is ban noobs on linear D:
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my admin given right and duty ðŸ˜­
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and have it get on indefinate hold or instant shutdown
23:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Â¯\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯
23:09 < bridge> <Ewan> that shit is not a right
23:09 < bridge> <melon> :cat_hmm:
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well an admin... gave me the right to
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> no
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> an admin gave you the privilege
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh right right i see
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sure
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> privelage
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and duty
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> a right is like
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> you can do whatever and keep it
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> because it's a fundamental property of you as a person
23:10 < bridge> <melon> if you want to really piss of ewan you have to type like my autocorrect on the phone!
23:10 < bridge> <melon> 
23:10 < bridge> <melon> I Really Cant Do Anything Against That I Swear!
23:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it sure feels like we can do anything tho kill_pl all
23:10 < bridge> <Ewan> rahhh
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it sure feels like we can do anything tho eg: `kill_pl all`, they ned to keep up on a tigher leash
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it sure feels like we can do anything tho eg: `kill_pl all`, they ned to keep us on a tigher leash
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> - rah rasputing lover of the russian quene
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Â¸\- rah rasputing lover of the russian quene
23:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> \- rah rasputing lover of the russian quene
23:19 < bridge> <Ewan> you guys make fun but i'm actually a little concerned that both of you as mods didn't immediately realize what i meant
23:20 < bridge> <jxsl13> depends
23:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> right as in law can ne taken away
23:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> it's not necessarily a constitutional right
23:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> right as in law can be taken away
23:21 < bridge> <jxsl13> right as in law can be taken away by legislation.
23:22 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah
23:22 < bridge> <Ewan> there's no absolute list of rights & peoples' interpretations tend to vary wildly
23:22 < bridge> <Ewan> generally speaking a right is not something that you earn
23:22 < bridge> <jxsl13> true
23:23 < bridge> <jxsl13> would agree that privilege is a better fit there.
23:24 < bridge> <melon> i dont see it as a privilege either, but dont worry. i know what you meant.
23:26 < bridge> <jxsl13> from the perspective of: an admin as an absolute being in a specific domain and can make something akin to legislation in a narrower scooe, then right is also pretty fitting. So it is a right not as the right in law.
23:26 < bridge> <jxsl13> scope
23:27 < bridge> <melon> i hate you so much - now i need to google 2 words and their meaning
23:27 < bridge> <jxsl13> I still like melons
23:27 < bridge> <jxsl13> ðŸ‘€
23:30 < bridge> <melon> on a developer side of things:
23:30 < bridge> <melon> 
23:30 < bridge> <melon> why on earth do we allow victim_args on kill_pl and set_team
23:30 < bridge> <melon> on a developer side of things:
23:30 < bridge> <melon> 
23:30 < bridge> <melon> why on earth do we allow victim args on kill_pl and set_team
23:30 < bridge> <melon> on a developer side of things:
23:30 < bridge> <melon> 
23:30 < bridge> <melon> why on earth do we allow victim args on kill_pl and set_team anyway
23:31 < bridge> <melon> `set_team -1 all; set_team 0 all` and hey, the entire server is wiped dead with 0 traces apart from rcon logs
23:31 < bridge> <jxsl13> from the perspective of: an admin as an absolute being in a specific domain who can make something akin to legislation in a narrower scope, then right is also pretty fitting. So it is a right not as the right in law.
23:31 < bridge> <melon> awesome!
23:31 < bridge> <melon> kill_pl atleast prints a chatmessage.
23:32 < bridge> <kebscs> print a msg for set_team problem solved
23:32 < bridge> <kebscs> :deen_star:
23:32 < bridge> <melon> :pepepuke:
23:34 < bridge> <soulyvevo> chillerdragon:
23:36 < bridge> <melon> `set_team all -1; set_team all 0` and hey, the entire server is wiped dead with 0 traces apart from rcon logs
23:36 < bridge> <jxsl13> I offer my Souly and summon you, chillerdragon.
23:37 < bridge> <melon> ChillerDragon:
23:37 < bridge> <Souly> chillerdragon: ChillerDragon
23:37 < bridge> <soulyvevo> why are there 2 chillers showing up on matrix lmao
23:38 < bridge> <melon> chiller has like.. 291 accounts
23:38 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i think i cooked
23:38 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396244923908624475/chillerbot_logo.png?ex=687d61ea&is=687c106a&hm=b13278ad0f4a36006e7596fe3cdabbe7947c90c2655787f95901e2c6a22dc6fe&
23:38 < bridge> <soulyvevo> xd
23:39 < bridge> <soulyvevo> graphic design is my passion
23:40 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I love the one in the back :brownbear: :nouis:
23:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> nvm wrong text
23:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i forgot "sure"
23:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1396245910417313922/chillerbot_logo.png?ex=687d62d6&is=687c1156&hm=a896fc5257ff78fa502108e6bd6bb0fe75d0a59823a7f01ad2916d9f2dbaca50&
23:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> now its perfect
23:44 < bridge> <Ewan> watermelon
