00:07 < bridge> <Bota> Der kann das auswendig üò≠
00:07 < bridge> <Bota> Ehre
00:10 < bridge> <Bota> @0xdeen :banhammer:
00:10 < bridge> <Bota> :nouis: +
00:10 < bridge> <Bota> :nouis:
00:15 < bridge> <Bota> @0xdeen :banhammer: :feelsbadman:
00:30 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> bruh i didnt even change that file at all
00:30 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341552492919521320/image.png?ex=67b6699f&is=67b5181f&hm=6269bfce1b5123003dc9214a3457175286d027efdaaea79a4294a469780022f6&
00:31 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> oh wait im probs using the wong compiler verson arnt i lol
00:33 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> yep im using make not cmake thats the problum
01:24 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok nope the problum is afl++ suddenly doesnt like the games code
01:24 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> anyone have any idea why?
01:25 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> it works fine if i build it normaly
01:28 < bridge> <Ewan> you'd need to share some info about your setup because i don't really know the steps to get where you have
01:28 < bridge> <Ewan> your WSL dev env & stuff
01:31 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> what about WSL do you need to know
01:31 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> its just the defult ubuntu one
01:32 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> could it be because i did make clean all?
01:32 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> wait no i did that when it did compile i beleave
01:34 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> is it ment to compile with c++ 13?
01:34 < bridge> <Ewan> no
01:34 < bridge> <totar> actually I disagree it should absolutely be fuzzed.
01:34 < bridge> <Ewan> the whole point of fuzzing
01:34 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> i mean it will be
01:35 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> i was asking if i would need to disable it
01:35 < bridge> <totar> it crashes sometimes if you send certain checksums
01:35 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> so it doesnt have to guss a checksum
01:35 < bridge> <Ewan> i don't know what your build process is. the most reliable way for me is to generate makefiles with `cmake`, compile with `cmake --build folder`, and delete `folder` whenever i run into weird build issues
01:36 < bridge> <Ewan> if you run make again, you could be working with old makefiles
01:36 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ah ok thanks
01:36 < bridge> <Ewan> you had to have changed something though
01:37 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> yea but idk what aside from the compiler to afls compiler
01:40 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> hmm nope that didnt work
01:40 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> hmm
01:41 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @totar: in case Cans was too shy to write you he could see tees and hooks appearing where they shouldn‚Äôt with the new anti ping
01:56 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> im gonna save my changes and remove the repo and pull it agien i think
02:03 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok not even that worked hmm
02:23 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> what verson of c++ is it ment to use?
02:24 < bridge> <Ewan> idk
02:25 < bridge> <Ewan> c++13 isn‚Äôt really a thing
02:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> hmm i was gussing that from the path that it was that
02:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341581521554898944/image.png?ex=67b684a8&is=67b53328&hm=7dc4b7c17131e152c33e1f54f4b9e5f42ae2e2991150f58da27b6c75abad73a0&
02:26 < bridge> <Ewan> i couldn't tell you the issue
02:26 < bridge> <Ewan> so my input probably is not helpful
02:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> fair
02:34 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok looking at the cmake file it looks like its ment to use c++ 17
02:37 < bridge> <Ewan> yea
02:37 < bridge> <Ewan> idk how it got 13 tbh
02:37 < bridge> <Ewan> but it's not C++13, it's GCC 13
02:38 < bridge> <Ewan> in ubuntu repos? must be
02:44 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ah ok
02:44 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> its gcc 13
03:00 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> do you think i should update GCC?
04:10 < bridge> <Ewan> worth a shot
04:19 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> there doesnt seem to be a update?
04:28 < bridge> <Ewan> apt-install gcc-15
04:29 < bridge> <Ewan> or w/e
04:29 < bridge> <Ewan> it‚Äôs ubuntu so this thing is going to just be obtuse
04:29 < bridge> <Ewan> they‚Äôll never have the very newest version of most packages because it‚Äôs a stability concern
04:41 < bridge> <Ewan> i also want to clarify i don't even know the cause of this issue
04:41 < bridge> <Ewan> i'm literally guessing
04:41 < bridge> <Ewan> uneducatedly
05:10 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341622954898755614/image.png?ex=67b6ab3e&is=67b559be&hm=536c8b52eaf871f1e21f804d53d07b20edd59b898dd966e90c9cc1ed6b45d191&
05:16 < bridge> <Ewan> depends on which ubuntu you're on
05:18 < bridge> <Ewan> 24.10 and newer package `gcc` as gcc 14, 24.04 uses 13
05:19 < bridge> <Ewan> crazy typo
05:19 < bridge> <Ewan> gcc-14 :feelsbadman:
05:53 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> yea no it will probs be easyer to completly wipe the vm and reinstall
06:06 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> and thats what i am now doing
07:39 < bridge> <0xdeen> @alex0006 Thanks!
07:41 < bridge> <oxyzo.> Choo Choo üöÇ :nouis:
07:59 < bridge> <Bota> üöÇ üöÇ
08:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> morning
08:38 < bridge> <milkeeycat> morning stack enjoyers and others
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> guys
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> 1 day
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> for rust 2024 edition
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> big moment tomorrow
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> biggest day of the year
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> forget ur birthday
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> rust 2024 better
08:39 < bridge> <milkeeycat> rust 2024 in 2025
08:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> :nouis:
08:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> @avolicious make sure to update ur stack to rust 2024 on day 1 or we wont talk ever again
08:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
08:48 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> turns out afl++ doesnt like my code changes and thats why
08:48 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> no clue why not though
08:53 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> ok turns out afl++ doesnt like std::pair
09:01 < bridge> <melo∆û> :kekw:
09:09 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @learath2 do you know what's the point of setting `dword ptr[rbp - 4]`?
09:09 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341683124593229834/image.png?ex=67b6e348&is=67b591c8&hm=954d923c2f78e27808813f5b6f3d60b40cd6fa39bcc443ef34c2c5cfcdf9d937&
09:13 < bridge> <milkeeycat> only clang does this
09:50 < bridge> <pioooooo> Is auto cursor going to be included in 19.0? I think it's still breaking multi-view zooming now
09:50 < bridge> <pioooooo> zoom level is noodle code X_X
09:51 < bridge> <kebscs> 19.0 no 128 player support :/
09:52 < bridge> <zhn> :justatest:
10:03 < bridge> <0xdeen> yes, very sad. no one wants to merge the PR :/
10:03 < bridge> <0xdeen> yes, everything in master is included. Can we fix it?
10:12 < bridge> <pioooooo> so bad we cannot have 64 dummy players in a same server
10:13 < bridge> <kebscs> I dont think the comments are blocking othet than 1 about debug dummies
10:14 < bridge> <kebscs> They're mostly like "can you add comment for this class"
10:32 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341703902021812285/image.png?ex=67b6f6a1&is=67b5a521&hm=e41a976cb9f85b1ba8c9129c2098b60375b491f3e7dea1eb367aa17128408080&
10:32 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> yippie my code is added
10:32 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> where is my developer roleü§ì <3
10:35 < bridge> <astramast> guys ! The next update is POGGERS :poggers2:
10:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> is the pr ready?
10:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> last time i saw someone said stuff missing
10:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> it has conflicts rn
10:40 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> yea all here did a great job for the mappers
12:08 < bridge> <kebscs> could someone review <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9488>
12:27 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> would be good if we can push it in to this update so people dont get dissapointed.
12:27 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> its already one of the best updades in a while + that feature will be godly
12:55 < bridge> <learath2> Nope
12:58 < bridge> <oxyzo.> what does this do:nouis:
13:22 < bridge> <kebscs> @ryozuki didnt think you would insta merge, but my only worry in that pr was if adding m_SpectatorCount to that net object is fine
13:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> i reviewd it
13:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
13:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> but i seen that pr before already
13:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> looks fine to me
13:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk if this gets in 19.0 tho
13:24 < bridge> <kebscs> alright ty, idk much about the protocol if that was fine
13:24 < bridge> <kebscs> but the spec info seem to be sent anyway so i guess its ok
13:25 < bridge> <kebscs> @tsfreddie <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9488/files#diff-95a9207711f0fa572be4148ea6239216afd4ff86cfbb4e8510463ad21bba2f12L321-L326>
13:25 < bridge> <kebscs> is it fine, since its yours netobj
13:25 < bridge> <kebscs> is it fine? since its yours netobj
13:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> this pr is dope https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9700
13:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> @pioooooo heya, looks like ci is stuc here https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9582 can you push a dummy commit or smth to make ci run again?
13:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> @pioooooo heya, looks like ci is stuck here https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9582 can you push a dummy commit or smth to make ci run again?
13:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> or rebase against master
13:30 < bridge> <kebscs> ill rerecord showcase vid and this can be in 19.0 i guess
13:31 < bridge> <kebscs> servers get restarted with latest commit anyway so it would work just no hud icon
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> ^ i made clang crash i didnt know that was a thing that i could do xd
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341748902927401011/message.txt?ex=67b7208a&is=67b5cf0a&hm=1fe8b14e87efcc71833c5419b549ff79e4a36ad5697bdddc3dfa89cac0c705b4&
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> i made clang crash i didnt know that was a thing that i could do xd
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341748902927401011/message.txt?ex=67b7208a&is=67b5cf0a&hm=1fe8b14e87efcc71833c5419b549ff79e4a36ad5697bdddc3dfa89cac0c705b4&
13:31 < bridge> <totar> never seen a PR this big merged without comments lol
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> woaw what nice numbers
13:31 < bridge> <Solly> +800 -400
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> i looked at it, and it looks nice to me
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> deen too
13:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> not my fault ppl dont review long prs
13:32 < bridge> <totar> I think deens check mark just means he likes the concept
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> feel free to review it
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> one thing i didnt know is u can do "250us"
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> like a literal
13:33 < bridge> <totar> I don't understand 0.7 skins enough to have an opinion about any of it
13:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> thats nice
13:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> it doesnt only improve 0.7 skins
13:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Skin loading and refreshing
13:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> affects 0.6 too
13:34 < bridge> <totar> I think it's overall more complicated than it would otherwise be without 0.7 skins
13:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah
13:35 < bridge> <totar> I did review it quite a bit yesterday
13:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> i am pro remove all sixup and stuff and become standalone
13:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> but u gotta live with it xd
13:35 < bridge> <totar> wdym by this?
13:35 < bridge> <totar> like move to 0.7 entirely?
13:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> that i dont care about 0.7 compat and i would remove the hack to support it entirely, and then improve or add to our protocol to add those features
13:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> without hacks
13:36 < bridge> <Assa> like move to ddnet entirely.
13:36 < bridge> <totar> ah
13:36 < bridge> <totar> I think that ship has sailed
13:36 < bridge> <totar> I agree tho
13:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> and yeah im also pro break compat if it improves
13:36 < bridge> <totar> yes I was just about to say that
13:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> if its physics related its different i think its ok to be more conservative
13:37 < bridge> <Assa> I am also greatly in favor of it, as I'd have a million features breaking compatability where I'd like to bang my head against a wall
13:37 < bridge> <totar> but people will say we are killing mods based on 0.7 or old 0.6 versions if we actually do that
13:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> well thats their problem xd
13:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> what mods?
13:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
13:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> they can update their mods
13:37 < bridge> <totar> the pvp mods are not based on ddnet codebase, even if they're 0.6
13:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> they can use a pvp client kek
13:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah the reality is ppl just play ddnet 99%
13:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> or derivatives like gores
13:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> why are we limiting ourselves to the 1%
13:38 < bridge> <kebscs> true
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> @ryozuki any ideas about adding a modding api instead?
13:38 < bridge> <Assa> opinion*
13:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont know a good design but i would liek it to be wasm based
13:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> so i can mod in rust
13:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> the code is too interwined to do a good api imho xD
13:40 < bridge> <Assa> We once had the N-Client and N-Server, I remember, where you had API hooks and were able to write lua code, this was amazing
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> what would that api have?
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> some ideas:
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> - easily add custom packets
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> - a remote gui api
13:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> - but the most important, how do you change physics? its too inside the core of that ddnet is
13:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> actually custom packets only useful if u have a client too
13:41 < bridge> <Assa> most mods don't use custom physics, which do?
13:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> OH
13:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> server should be able to provide "plugins" to the client
13:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> so they can add the custom packet handling
13:42 < bridge> <totar> dd-pg works like that
13:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> nice
13:42 < bridge> <Assa> RCE incoming?
13:42 < bridge> <totar> it uses WASM
13:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> KEK incoming
13:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> wasm is sandboxed
13:42 < bridge> <Assa> üëç WASM is also used like that Godot browser things in gamejams right?
13:42 < bridge> <Assa> sounds good
13:42 < bridge> <totar> @ryozuki based on what you said it sounds like you would enjoy working on dd-pg, it's all the things you said xd
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah but its a big codebase and i have not much time
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> i can barely review stuff :d
13:43 < bridge> <totar> bigger than ddnet?
13:43 < bridge> <totar> is it?
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> someday ill look at it thoroughly
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> i already know ddnet codebase a bit
13:43 < bridge> <totar> ah yeah
13:43 < bridge> <totar> that's true
13:43 < bridge> <Assa> @ryozuki can you review my PR please ? üòõ
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> what #
13:43 < bridge> <totar> I'm afraid of your PRs
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> im afraid too
13:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> physics
13:44 < bridge> <Assa> In the latest I just ADD new stuff, no physics breaking promised!
13:45 < bridge> <robyt3> But you are rewriting an existing branch, so you'd have to carefully ensure that nothing about that behavior has changed
13:45 < bridge> <robyt3> But you are rewriting an existing if-branch, so you'd have to carefully ensure that nothing about that behavior has changed
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> Also I added the PR in order to avoid physics breaking in another üôà
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> it's a new tile with a new tile ID, and the old tile with the old tile ID does old tile ID stuff, that's the only if-branch
13:46 < bridge> <robyt3> Just saying from the perspective of a reviewer
13:47 < bridge> <Assa> yes, you are right, I ensured this and I clicked the button for `[x] Changed no physics that affect existing maps`
13:48 < bridge> <thatscantbetruth> how to log ingame chat in realtime?
13:48 < bridge> <Assa> 9670 @ryozuki
13:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> logfile i think
13:49 < bridge> <Assa> ./ddnet_server >> ddnet_log.txt
13:49 < bridge> <Assa> `./ddnet_server >> ddnet_log.txt`
13:53 < bridge> <kebscs> @0xdeen can #9488 be in 19.0? ive included up to date showcase video
13:53 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9488
13:57 < bridge> <TsPiggy> LoL haven't got a chance of taking a look at it. But I think it is fine.
14:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> wait
14:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9709
14:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> why was merged?
14:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> lmao
14:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess cuz main has the same commits
14:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> github is so buggy xd
14:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i had smth similar too
14:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and melon too
14:28 < bridge> <melo∆û> :saddybear:
14:28 < bridge> <melo∆û> But yeah github is a bully
14:59 < bridge> <urg_> quick question out of curiosity i checked the translation status and the dutch on says it is 96% done i finished the language packet for it but what is the missing 4% for?
15:00 < bridge> <urg_> maybe added things that haven't been added to the translations yet?
15:00 < bridge> <learath2> Possible. You can take a look at the language file. Any empty lines are missing ones
15:02 < bridge> <urg_> just checked all of em are filled in
15:02 < bridge> <urg_> no blanks
15:04 < bridge> <urg_> but for example auto-sync camera isn't in the language file yet cuz it is a new feature, so maybe that is why?
15:05 < furo> You can see the missing ones here, https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/data/languages/dutch.txt
15:06 < furo> Oddly enough it seems like the previously translated credits got removed somehow.
15:06 < bridge> <urg_> aha i see
15:07 < bridge> <urg_> well i will probably just finish these and copy over the credits i still have from the last time i finished it
15:08 < bridge> <urg_> turns out making a backup text doc of the finished thing was a good idea i guess DX
15:14 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Show fps as a button
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> Hmm, maybe someone completely re-did it some time ago?
15:32 < furo> Nah, probably some bug in the twlang script. https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/b9b290a6ff06bfb355cf034ed053cd84e4b3d63e#diff-07781fd22372ce6d6811f5e4dcafa3dd6fa34006a62c98f662b53580a700d5bcR2060-R2062
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> @milkeeycat i have 8 prs in the repo
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> my coworker has no time to review almost kek
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> am i a 10x dev?
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> :poggers2:
15:35 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i have 30 issues
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> i have 78
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> behold, my coworkers
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341781867426222140/WhatsApp_Image_2025-02-19_at_15.41.35.jpeg?ex=67b73f3e&is=67b5edbe&hm=43467cb7e2199e3f76fcf411ad7ef2d14042c60b9b285d53941f54ea5d366e59&
15:44 < bridge> <milkeeycat> they really seem to not have time to review the prs
15:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah
15:50 < bridge> <melo∆û> Such lazy cars
16:08 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Cute cats
16:25 < bridge> <fokkonaut> Did you just start engine of your car ?
17:15 < bridge> <Bota> I have 90 in my head
17:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> i translated a few things that were missing 
17:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> i skipped team status because i wasnt sure
17:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> i dont know how to use github stuff so im just gonna put this here
17:28 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341808621142544516/russian.txt?ex=67b75828&is=67b606a8&hm=5eaf123d08e72c5564d9efe67abbfb5fb94fb263cd6a6a1f31a4f85a5e91e75a&
17:29 < bridge> <kebscs> ü•≥ spectatour count being added
17:30 < bridge> <kebscs> ü•≥ spectator count being added
17:30 < bridge> <kebscs> so language scripts should probably be reran to inlcude Localize("Show number of spectators")
17:48 < bridge> <kebabsellerr> If there's developers on this channel, when my account on forum will be approved?
17:50 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @ryozuki nice commit names :lol:
17:50 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341814292265177179/image.png?ex=67b75d70&is=67b60bf0&hm=89cf73e64442a5adbd16ccf9875f4fe422c699ce383cd005018a9f8696ca585d&
17:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
17:51 < bridge> <cellegenrih> :gigachad:
17:51 < bridge> <milkeeycat> do you know about `--amend` flag in git?
17:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> i heard about it
17:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> what does it do
17:52 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it overwrites last commit
17:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> ohh
17:52 < bridge> <ryozuki> pog
17:53 < bridge> <Ewan> i use it all da time
17:53 < bridge> <Ewan> my fave
17:53 < bridge> <Ewan> or rebase from one of those commits and fixup
17:53 < bridge> <Solly> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341815031775363184/image.png?ex=67b75e21&is=67b60ca1&hm=09d563c444c42181374e6d52b988ad0fe41977de5b3b5cd3409d25bbea0e6eeb&
17:53 < bridge> <Solly> any1 know why
17:54 < bridge> <Solly> uhm icons can be stretched like this
17:54 < bridge> <Ewan> a bug perhaps
17:54 < bridge> <kebabsellerr> still waitin
17:54 < bridge> <Ewan> developers aren‚Äôt forum admins
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> caused by me but i dont know the difference
17:55 < bridge> <Ewan> perhaps there‚Äôs a mistake in your code
17:55 < bridge> <Ewan> that could be it
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> ```cpp
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(m_Color);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->TextureSet(m_Texture);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(m_Rotation);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->RenderQuadContainerAsSprite(m_QuadContainerIndex, 0, 
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>             X - Size().x / 2.0f, Y - Size().y / 2.0f, Size().x, Size().y);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(0.0f);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> ```
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> color = white
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> m_texture = direction (no change)
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> rotation = 0, 90, 180
17:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> why would u register on the forum
17:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> i dont think anything happens there these days
17:55 < bridge> <Solly> ```cpp
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(m_Color);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->TextureSet(m_Texture);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(m_Rotation);
17:55 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->RenderQuadContainerAsSprite(m_QuadContainerIndex, 0, 
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>             X - Size().x / 2.0f, Y - Size().y / 2.0f, Size().x, Size().y);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(0.0f);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> ```
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> color = white
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> m_texture = direction (no change)
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> rotation = 0, 90, 180
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> quad container index is what it used to use
17:56 < bridge> <kebabsellerr> just to be here
17:56 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe you should change it to work
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> ```cpp
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(m_Color);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->TextureSet(m_Texture);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(m_Rotation);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->RenderQuadContainerAsSprite(m_QuadContainerIndex, 0, 
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>             X - Size().x / 2.0f, Y - Size().y / 2.0f, Size().x, Size().y);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(0.0f);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> ```
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> color = white
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> m_texture = direction (no change)
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> rotation = 0, 90, 180
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> quad container index is what it used to use
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> (Size() == vec2(same, same))
17:56 < bridge> <Ewan> nah but
17:56 < bridge> <kollpotato> so no point
17:56 < bridge> <Solly> ```cpp
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(m_Color);
17:56 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->TextureSet(m_Texture);
17:57 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(m_Rotation);
17:57 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->RenderQuadContainerAsSprite(m_QuadContainerIndex, 0, 
17:57 < bridge> <Solly>             X - Size().x / 2.0f, Y - Size().y / 2.0f, Size().x, Size().y);
17:57 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->QuadsSetRotation(0.0f);
17:57 < bridge> <Solly>         This.Graphics()->SetColor(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f);
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> ```
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> color = white
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> m_texture = direction (no change)
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> rotation = 0, 90, 180
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> quad container index is what it used to use
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> (Size() == vec2(fontsizedir, fontsizedir))
17:57 < bridge> <Ewan> is there a transformation matrix in use w the quads interface
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> you raise a good point
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> ill check
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> but it only happens sometimes
17:57 < bridge> <milkeeycat> github changed email style. now there's a header who left the comment
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> guess it could be not reset by accident
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> but then why would there be a rotation aswell
17:57 < bridge> <Ewan> happens with text color and stuff all the time
17:57 < bridge> <Ewan> idk
17:57 < bridge> <Solly> seems superfluous to have rotation and transform matrix
17:57 < bridge> <kebabsellerr> idk, they said me to visit this channel
17:58 < bridge> <Solly> we on the discord are too young to be usin the forumns xd
17:58 < bridge> <Solly> is there a dedicated ddnet form
17:58 < bridge> <Ewan> rotation often is a part of the matrix
17:58 < bridge> <Ewan> idk what they‚Äôre doing tho
17:58 < bridge> <Solly> yeah but if theres both then it would be turning the rotation into a matrix then mult with other matrix
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> i either see
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> * matrix with convenience multiply by rotation, translate etc
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> * only rotation translate etc, matrix created every frame
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> * just matrix
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> or expect to see
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> i dont see transform matrix btw
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> im gonna go stare at the old one for ages
17:59 < bridge> <Solly> also only happens on my l440 not my pc
18:08 < bridge> <Ewan> weird
18:17 < bridge> <oxyzo.> where do these things show up?
18:17 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341820905130561606/image.png?ex=67b76399&is=67b61219&hm=fb777e86d1ed7a805c029ef457af74aedfa133bb597e69ea8a50a78c1d568215&
18:31 < furo> Ingame -> Esc -> Server info
18:33 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Chillerdragon: <a:angeryping:494137645442793473>
18:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> itsi n guyts
18:56 < bridge> <ryozuki> justclient side tho
19:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks garbage collection at home:
19:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341835508866617464/image.png?ex=67b77133&is=67b61fb3&hm=e8b07b998d7aaa8e6953c2c9880bc41494b14f868788a0bfe749ece9b3f403fb&
19:17 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> :)
19:22 < bridge> <oxyzo.> can someone make pull request to update russian translation? i have noidea how to use github
19:22 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341837349864210505/russian.txt?ex=67b772ea&is=67b6216a&hm=88b7b450d0f9a214faa1ca71c2bd9ff7772046e472970b9dc294893ba6b083bc&
19:31 < furo> @oxyzo. Sure, I can do it.
19:34 < furo> @oxyzo. Could you translate the credits to Russian as well? It was only in English as a placeholder. This string that is, `Russian translation by bla bla`
19:35 < bridge> <oxyzo.> so ill translate after "==" right?
19:35 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341840554149019668/image.png?ex=67b775e6&is=67b62466&hm=7e957a91b8dddf04c0bb0f7bbd0c909627be456e940efcd781d987327a953f76&
19:35 < bridge> <learath2> Curious, when does gc get triggered with something like this?
19:36 < furo> Yes, translate the text after `==`. You can send it here.
19:37 < bridge> <oxyzo.> == –†—É—Å—Å–∫–∏–π –ø–µ—Ä–µ–≤–æ–¥ –≤—ã–ø–æ–ª–Ω–µ–Ω: kaddyd, carzil, RaZeR[RT], BotanEgg, Bananbl4, Arion WT, gerdoe, Vy0x2, Anime.pdf, ban+eblan, ByFox, Sedonya, WTF, –†–∏–∫—Å–µ–¥ –∏ oxyzo
19:37 < furo> Thank you!
19:44 < bridge> <TsPiggy> why would you want that in rust
19:49 < bridge> <TsPiggy> What's up with gboards cursed stickers?
19:49 < bridge> <TsPiggy> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341844098725711974/image0.png?ex=67b77933&is=67b627b3&hm=37153a4189c7608d8af43838bd7a7a66017e46c62c9d113a864efd4dc362607c&
19:49 < bridge> <TsPiggy> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341844184977641532/Screenshot_20250220_024933.jpg?ex=67b77947&is=67b627c7&hm=eba6584dac63ea48378a31588b58d31adc7a0b5619416216d6bd5c1adcf1f57e&
19:50 < bridge> <oxyzo.> they are really cursed
19:50 < bridge> <TsPiggy> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341844467484856351/image0.png?ex=67b7798b&is=67b6280b&hm=92588abd9e312fe5880bf68bd7921ed48a1678437a781db904bb59c4e0a0a76c&
19:51 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Oh it's the emoji kitchen thing
19:51 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Still cursed
19:51 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341844680698101800/image0.png?ex=67b779be&is=67b6283e&hm=2a2cd37dab0ad07b3308348f28cea3248da332b5da9879040b9c888740c10c43&
19:51 < bridge> <oxyzo.> also they are like extremely big on pc
19:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> guys this is developer channel
19:52 < bridge> <oxyzo.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341844756367540344/image.png?ex=67b779d0&is=67b62850&hm=bbec7b71440d745f01c8eed7eb5b85735d5974164b6f4bfa70714f5d606e5315&
19:52 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Really big on mobile top
19:52 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Really big on mobile too
19:52 < bridge> <oxyzo.> renamed to emoji kitchen channel
19:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> heinrich will be mad
19:52 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Oh shoot
19:52 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I default to off-topic usually how did I even end up here
19:53 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I'm going
19:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> could you guys delete these stickers
19:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> they take too much space on the screen xd
19:53 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Done
19:54 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Can i get my developer role? Sry for asking
19:55 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Can i get my developer role? Sry for asking again
19:55 < bridge> <TsPiggy> The last time I ask for roles learath gave me the music bot role at the time and that role didn't have access to the whole server other than a bot channel. I was there for three days before learath found out I was mostly gone.
19:56 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Good time
19:56 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> xD
19:56 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Troller
19:57 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Although I could've just DM'ed him, I did wanted to know how long will it take for him to realize that
19:57 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> yeah
19:59 < bridge> <TsPiggy> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/767122790943555614
19:59 < bridge> <Ewan> lmfao
20:02 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> @learath2 i would like to have the developer role after the work i have done
20:03 < bridge> <learath2> Which was your PR?
20:03 < bridge> <hectavoxel> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341847729411985418/unknown.jpeg?ex=67b77c95&is=67b62b15&hm=a2ba9494ec8ab6496d823aa7624b23c0ca762f3e2e2927051b13da9cc89af5d3&
20:03 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Made the show fps in graphic
20:04 < bridge> <oxyzo.> yeah i remembered this one
20:04 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> üê¢
20:04 < bridge> <Ewan> In what?
20:04 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Wdym
20:05 < bridge> <oxyzo.> whole new discord server per one of those emojis
20:05 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> I added it to the new update?
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> show fps where
20:05 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> In graphic tab
20:05 < bridge> <oxyzo.> its as a button now
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> i see
20:05 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I think tagging a PR is more effective than explaining
20:05 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> :)
20:05 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Not home
20:05 < bridge> <oxyzo.> before it was only an f1 command
20:06 < bridge> <kollpotato> i dont think changing 5 lines of code should guarantee you a dev role
20:06 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I don't think you need to be home to search on GitHub but here you go #9641
20:06 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9641
20:07 < bridge> <TsPiggy> @learath2 that one
20:07 < bridge> <kollpotato> i dont think adding 5 lines of code should guarantee you a dev role
20:07 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Thanks :)
20:08 < bridge> <learath2> There you go, you are purple now
20:08 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> :poggers2:
20:09 < bridge> <TsPiggy> The music bot was purple too
20:09 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Just saying
20:09 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Hehe
20:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> keep the prs coming
20:12 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Have some ideas just much school
20:12 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> I will be the small feature guy
20:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> i did telegun when i was in school
20:13 < bridge> <kollpotato> when close prs
20:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> i did today
20:13 < bridge> <kollpotato> nice
20:19 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Flex
20:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 @mpft @tsfreddie https://github.com/ValveSoftware/source-sdk-2013/commit/0759e2e8e179d5352d81d0d4aaded72c1704b7a9
20:31 < bridge> <TsPiggy> We already talked about it in #off-topic
20:32 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Still pog nonetheless
20:32 < bridge> <Ewan> There was a problem loading the remainder of the diff.
20:32 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Also basically means tf2 mods are now allowed to be published on steam
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> > 
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> > 
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> > I think this is the sendoff for TF2.
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> > 
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> > And of course Valve continues the tradition of mods instead of keeping it locked forever.
20:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> a comment i guess its true
20:33 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I mean the game is old
20:33 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Too old
20:33 < bridge> <TsPiggy> It's about time
20:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.teamfortress.com/post.php?id=238809
20:34 < bridge> <TsPiggy> The last few years update for tf2 are made by community anyway, it's not like valve are really putting stuff out for tf2 anyway
20:35 < bridge> <TsPiggy> The last few years update for tf2 are made by community anyway, it's not like valve are really putting stuff out for tf2.
20:35 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Although imagine someone just made a free overwatch with tf2's code and published it on steam.:justatest:
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> So overwatch? :kek:
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> Its free as well
20:37 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Ah forgot they transitioned
20:38 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I was stuck on overwatch 1 I guess
20:40 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Blizzard is back in china btw. Partnered with netease again. Although realistically they can only choose netease even the deal fall-off before.
20:41 < bridge> <TsPiggy> China was blizzard-free for a year. good time
20:42 < bridge> <Ewan> lmfao
20:43 < bridge> <kebscs> Isnt netese marvel rivals developer?
20:43 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I was still working at netease when the deal break-off happened. Blizzard was asking a 2 year profit projections up front for all currently running services in china. This is pre-microsoft so they knew exactly what they want
20:43 < bridge> <kebscs> The overwatch killer?
20:44 < bridge> <TsPiggy> A bag of money and run off
20:45 < bridge> <Ewan> fred can u come to usa real quick?
20:45 < bridge> <Ewan> ban this blocker
20:45 < bridge> <Ewan> xd
20:46 < bridge> <TsPiggy> Yes, but that rivals was not announced, and I'm like 20% sure it was meant to be mobile overwatch for blizzard but the deal fall through so they picked it up for other IPs
20:46 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I'm on phone
20:46 < bridge> <Ewan> we have ddnet for android now, no biggie
20:46 < bridge> <Ewan> :justatest:
20:49 < bridge> <TsPiggy> The mobile deal they also wanted 100% profit for non-china regions but the game are developed by netease themselves with no additional funding from blizzard. And they know netease would not even be allowed to profit in china because of the current policy in china. So they basically asked for the game to be made for them for absolutely free.
20:50 < bridge> <TsPiggy> So we are blizzard free for a year, poor wow players got their account nuked
20:53 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I still remember the morning that deal was public our company cafe was offering "green tea blizzard" drinks, green tea basically means bitch in chinese
20:53 < bridge> <TsPiggy> I was late that day and it sold out tho
21:37 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Can translate in Sweden if that is needed
21:38 < bridge> <pro_gaming1921> Can translate in Swedish if that is needed
22:16 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> where are the downloaded map files stored on linux
22:20 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> nvm found it
23:13 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> lol already found a oob read by acsadent while trying to get it to work
23:13 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1341895571815923805/image.png?ex=67b7a923&is=67b657a3&hm=49c0f3ef6c2b2bedf479dae270d1fd2864a8846cf7a4dad706607a6edb033dba&
23:21 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> @robyt3 what does `CStun::CProtocol::OnPacket(NETADDR Addr, unsigned char *pData, int DataSize)` do exsactly?
23:25 < bridge> <robyt3> STUN is for network connectivity checks
23:25 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> hmm do you think thats why my fuzzing is failing
23:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> im parsing data generated from connecting to a random server
23:26 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> in hopes of pretending like i joined the server
23:28 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't think STUN should be necessary to connect
23:30 < bridge> <davidlovesmath> hmm ok so ill ignore all stun packets ig and try that. including not logging them
