01:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @0xdeen: the debug render option in the release log belongs to assa not me .\_.
01:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And automatic quad clipping is also assa instead of ryo I assume
01:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ah you already fixed it on GitHub. I still see it on \#announcements tho
01:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I suppose using a pr like process for the changelog is overkill but maybe let one of the currently active mergers double check it
01:25 < bridge> <cellegenrih> what, you mean he wrote Ryo instead of Assa???
01:25 < bridge> <cellegenrih> what
01:26 < bridge> <cellegenrih> Oh, he fixed it from Github
01:27 < bridge> <cellegenrih> in his defense, there are a bunch of engine changes in this patch
01:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I guess in his defense the merge commits are confusing and also trolled Heinrich
01:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But anyone looking actively at the prs knows that it‚Äôs assa coding quads and ryo doing the merged
01:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But anyone looking actively at the prs knows that it‚Äôs assa coding quads and ryo doing the merges
01:28 < bridge> <cellegenrih> ryo stealing all the credit, smh
01:28 < bridge> <cellegenrih> :kek:
01:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I wonder how manual the process is. I have the changelog generation basically automatic in ddnet-insta
01:29 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It filters the merge commits and finds the correct author
01:31 < bridge> <cellegenrih> But is it reliable?
01:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No
01:31 < bridge> <cellegenrih> ofc lmao
01:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Xd zhn had to set some weird git name and it pinged the wrong person lmao
01:31 < bridge> <cellegenrih> ig It's better that Deen does it manually
01:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But at least it‚Äôs a name zhn chose instead of a different maintainer
01:32 < bridge> <cellegenrih> wait, who xd
01:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> gerdoe-jr had as commit author something like vlad
01:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So the changelog said @vlad
01:33 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which happens to be a GitHub account owned by someone else
01:33 < bridge> <cellegenrih> oh shit, git oopsie
01:49 < bridge> <blazulite> ChillerDragon: yo
01:49 < bridge> <blazulite> how does your irc bridge work?
01:49 < bridge> <blazulite> I'm curious
02:55 < bridge> <teero777> @ryozuki can code on your OS segfault?
03:15 < bridge> <ramirok_> Chillerdrag√≥n::YY: :OO:
03:27 < bridge> <teero777> chillerdrag√∂n
04:15 < bridge> <pathos3005> @chillerdragon new bug with ddnet-insta -- you can shoot yourself with laser lol
04:34 < bridge> <pathos3005> @chillerdragon new bug with ddnet-insta v2 -- you can shoot yourself with laser lol
04:34 < bridge> <pathos3005> Another bug is when you suicide with nade, you respawn instantly
05:02 < bridge> <pathos3005> And the `sv_welcome` thing was problem in 2.0, but not in 1.7 it seems
06:20 < bridge> <kollpotato> it's heinrich's bridge
06:20 < bridge> <kollpotato> but he just has a websocket that sends messages through irc
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> ohh
06:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> do you mean the kernel code or user run programs? for user run programs, yeah and you need to handle that ,with the page fault interrupt, there u can for example terminate the process and cleanup it.
06:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> if u mean at kernel level, yeah and for lot of reasons, because interactiong with lot of stuff x86_64 has requires asm or registers that if u set a value wrong can segfault
06:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> those interactions still happen inside unsafe code
06:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> do you mean the kernel code or user run programs? for user run programs, yeah and you need to handle that ,with the page fault interrupt, there u can for example terminate the process and clean it up.
06:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> if u mean at kernel level, yeah and for lot of reasons, because interactiong with lot of stuff x86_64 has requires asm or registers that if u set a value wrong can segfault
06:43 < bridge> <Ewan> webhook
06:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> i meant chiller
06:53 < bridge> <Ewan> o
08:17 < bridge> <Assa> gumo
08:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @pathos3005: did you read the docs about the reset.cfg it explains how to disable that
08:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @pathos3005: the welcome message is not in the code. It has to be your config
08:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @pathos3005: the suicide sounds bad I will investigate thanks for reporting. You can also open issues on GitHub so we don‚Äôt have to spam this channel
09:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @pathos3005 I can not reproduce the missing delay. https://github.com/ddnet-insta/ddnet-insta/issues/422#issuecomment-3252332442
09:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** What did you set this config to? ``sv_self_kill_respawn_delay_ms`` which gamemode did you use?
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> 0.025111] <unk:0> Syscall: sys_write(fd=1, buf=0x402000, count=23)
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.025378] <unk:0> Hello from user space!
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.025580] <unk:0> called exit with 42
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> im back with user space programs
10:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> this time with a super clean way
10:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> (elf loaded)
10:14 < bridge> <Ewan> awesome
10:15 < bridge> <Ewan> no custom executable format :feelsbadman:
11:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i had a weird showthought, the cpu is like the engine and the LAPIC is the gearbox
11:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> elf is p good imhi
11:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> elf is p good imho
11:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> supporting elf means compilers like gcc and rust work
11:40 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Not like you couldn't add that part to the backend
11:41 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> the hard part of generating efficient machine code is already done for you... though I'm sure there's a lot of work done to maintain alignments and such in the actual file
11:47 < bridge> <Assa> !remind 5760 test if long map setup times cause client getting stuck in loading screen waiting for server response
11:47 < chillerbot12> Helo Assa I will remind you at Mon Sep 08 2025 11:47:25 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
12:03 < bridge> <robyt3> There's already an open issue about this, but it hasn't consistently been reproduced yet
12:30 < bridge> <Assa> i believe this is the cause behind the stuck valgrind Pipeline back in another PR
12:32 < bridge> <robyt3> Doesn't look like the timed-out message is about the client joining though
12:33 < bridge> <robyt3> Or is the connecting itself not checked so this is the next test that fails?
12:34 < bridge> <Assa> the check that failed was on server side waiting for the client joined message
12:35 < bridge> <Assa> I also had this once in a build client, but it was not reproducable
12:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs do we have a plan for #10712 ?
12:36 < chillerbot12> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10712
12:39 < bridge> <kebscs> Idk how to fix
12:39 < bridge> <kebscs> Maybe the test is written poorly
12:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sadge
12:40 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon "Klammer" in german can mean bracket, parenthesis, clip, clamp, paperclip, clothespin ...
12:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** germans are nuts
12:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** runde klammern, eckige klammern, gezw√∂rbelte klammern
12:41 < bridge> <Assa> I think we are animals, not nuts
12:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** rawrrr
12:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** du bist mir so ein klammer affe
12:42  * bridge <Assa> steals your PR
12:43 < bridge> <Assa> Do we care about changelog accuracy btw?
12:44 < bridge> <Assa> you are missing "geschweifte Klammern" e.g. {}
12:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i do
12:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** proper credit is the only payment volunteer contributors get
12:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** especially the user facing stuff should be correct
12:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i tried to be funny by calling it "gezw√∂rbelte"
12:48 < bridge> <learath2> Looks like a teehistorian bump happened in the meanwhile. It probably just needs a rebase
12:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** replyer discord andy
12:49 < bridge> <Assa> yeah the debug render frature is attributed to you, so you are now responsible for that
12:50 < bridge> <Assa> yeah the debug render feature is attributed to you, so you are now responsible for that
12:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am the responsible merger yes. All bugs are on me.
12:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** But the feature credit should fully go to you
12:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The GitHub pr one can be work in progress. Nobody sees stuff on discord. But the changelog is also posted in \#announcements and the website and even visible to all players in the client news. There the credit should be correct.
12:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The GitHub pr one can be work in progress. Nobody sees stuff on GitHub. But the changelog is also posted in \#announcements and the website and even visible to all players in the client news. There the credit should be correct.
12:52 < bridge> <Assa> I ask because I gave deen a list of corrections which got mostly ignored
12:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> yes deen does that sometimes he gives a big disconnected vibe
12:53 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt think that he doesn‚Äôt care it‚Äôs just that it got lost. He is 10x engineer with busy life who runs entire ddnet with a time budget of 20 seconds per day
12:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Maybe one day he can let someone else in to help him with the holy task of compiling a changelog
12:54 < bridge> <Assa> yeah I know, and I am not angry or anything
12:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yea you are famous anyways
12:55 < bridge> <Assa> I just wanted to support him in that
12:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But imagine a first time contributor waiting to be plugged in the client to see someone else‚Äôs name in the end
12:55 < bridge> <Assa> famous for what? Afaic maybe in zCatch
12:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Your name is all over the changelog
12:56 < bridge> <01000111g> for King's Leap aswell
12:56 < bridge> <chillerdragon> You are top ddnet contributor
12:56 < bridge> <Assa> true ‚ù§Ô∏è
12:56 < bridge> <Assa> am I? Didn't do that much yet
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> did you see the mapsize thing from patiga for this map? xD
12:58 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes you are
12:58 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder how quad arts can be smaller than embedded png files
12:59 < bridge> <01000111g> no, was it an extreme reduction?
12:59 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kebscs: can you try rebasing? I doubt that the teehistorian bump causes compile errors on outdated branches. But I blindly trust lerato.
12:59 < bridge> <Assa> no I mean this @01000111g
12:59 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413116373604765788/FileSizeStats.png?ex=68bac2ad&is=68b9712d&hm=f3d1ed3154683935edf14b2e95fdaee5fc3ae94bddb63d431f500ea6e40c0cef&
13:00 < bridge> <Assa> Patiga is heaven sent.
13:00 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Patiga the goat
13:00 < bridge> <Assa> map is > 50% just sound
13:02 < bridge> <Assa> like the bell sound is a 1 second opus file, uses as much space as a mapres
13:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> !remind fix callback hell by moving findnext to outer scope
13:05 < chillerbot12> Helo chillerdragon I will remind you at Fri Sep 05 2025 13:05:37 GMT+0200 (Central European Summer Time) about your matter again.
13:08 < bridge> <learath2> Oh actually the people bumping teehistorian, are you guys fixing the tests?
13:08 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes
13:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs in the pipeline. Without adapting the test no CI
13:09 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, I wonder why that pr you mentioned in the morning isn't passing CI then
13:09 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And we merge only green CI this is a stable project!
13:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes that‚Äôs what we all wonder
13:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs fancy c++ code idk I‚Äôm not a developer
13:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But shouldn‚Äôt be teehistorian version related
13:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> iirc creating the elf file is the linker job, im writing a OS not a linker
13:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> maybe some day ill make an entire custom toolchain but first i need a proper os
13:18 < bridge> <learath2> Just rebase it first, if it still doesn't pass I'll look at it
13:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> > Maybe one day he can let someone else in to help him with the holy task of compiling a changelog
13:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
13:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> * removed virus by @chillerdragon
13:20 < bridge> <Assa> as if there is no changelog by git diff creator
13:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it has a manual pass, and whoever is doing that pass can do whaetevr
13:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im sure me and chiller and atter can atest to change log being a right pain
13:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im sure me and chiller and tater can atest to change log being a right pain
13:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh btw theres this new feature i just forgo
13:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oops thats not meant to be there
13:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> whats important enuf!??!?!
13:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @sollybunny: \* removed herobrine
13:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
13:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
13:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> @chillerdragon if we enforce this commit style its easy to do a changelog automatically
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> * hide easteregg
13:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @ryozuki: I do that in ddnet-insta actually
13:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yes yes
13:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> With conventional commits and bash script
13:23 < bridge> <learath2> I proposed this before, I don't remember why but @0xdeen wasn't all that positive about it
13:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> actually u can enforce it on github pr titles only, not commits
13:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> and it works
13:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But I still manually filter out the boring commits
13:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> iuts not gonna be easy with that tree jesus
13:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413122296415129801/git-flow--welcome.png?ex=68bac832&is=68b976b2&hm=01d6d12a95dfcad1b019b62beb13b1a3457f15b4cb4c5687db315fad984c0def&
13:23 < bridge> <Assa> we can also make PRs start with emojis as I had to do at my old work place
13:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> one of the most famous rust tools https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff
13:24 < bridge> <learath2> üî• idea
13:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> we should do like kernel, patches by mail to filter out nobo devs
13:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> /s
13:24 < bridge> <Assa> :cammostripes: I was joking
13:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> xd
13:25 < bridge> <learath2> üöÄ optimize quad rendering üìà
13:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> He did do that xd
13:25 < bridge> <Assa> üòÇ bcachefs
13:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Check prs
13:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Assa the emoji dev
13:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> ü•∏ fixed a startline skip bug
13:26 < bridge> <Assa> ‚ö° this PR actually contains an emoji
13:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> üí©add backdoor for sp someone
13:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/252358080522747904/1267876556261560454/EB37683D3A4CDA1932DD5DD1561EC9AF.gif
13:28 < bridge> <Assa> üßπ üí© Cleanup: ...
13:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> today i asked ai how to enable other cores than bootstrap, it said this
13:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
13:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> Wake up APs using INIT-SIMP-SIMP sequence via LAPIC
13:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
13:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> i didnt know x86-64 loves simps
13:32 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't think it solves the problem of having to go through the list of PRs, filtering, summarizing and sorting them by importance for the changelog. We could just use GitHub for releases and have it list all merged PRs for a lazy changelog that's less helpful for players, if we wanted to avoid the effort. And deen would still have to summarize the changes again for the in-game news anyhow.
13:34 < bridge> <Assa> I agree, but he probably hopefully doesn't do this fully manually, does he?
13:38 < bridge> <robyt3> How else would he do it? There's no way to automatically determine the importance of changes.
13:38 < bridge> <learath2> It might make it easier if he gets a list of all prs first though. I think currently he just stares at all the commits
13:41 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, I guess he looks at the commits which causes the author confusion because of merge commits
13:42 < bridge> <robyt3> I'd also like to rewrite the in-game news to be more flexible, but then it would have to automatically transform them into the old format for backwards compatibility
13:43 < bridge> <learath2> When are we sneaking in chromium?
13:44 < bridge> <robyt3> :monkaS:
13:46 < bridge> <robyt3> I'd add the formatting as json objects, allow the news to scroll, and add an identifier so typos in the news can be updated without making the News button green for players
13:46 < bridge> <kebscs> didnt work
13:47 < bridge> <learath2> Did you run the tests locally btw? Is it just a CI issue?
13:48 < bridge> <robyt3> I think it tried it locally and couldn't reproduce it
13:48 < bridge> <robyt3> I think I tried it locally and couldn't reproduce it
13:48 < bridge> <learath2> I wonder if strlen becoming constexpr actually somehow modifies teehistorian files, do we have length prefixed stuff in there? Maybe some UB?
13:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> :poggers2:
13:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> my friend UB
13:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> its married to C++ so we cant miss it
13:56 < bridge> <kebscs> doesnt fail for me
13:57 < bridge> <kebscs> but msvc doesnt fail on ci either
14:02 < bridge> <learath2> Ok, let me find a cafe where I'm allowed to laptop, then I'll check
14:09 < bridge> <kebscs> roby is on mingw
14:24 < bridge> <thrava> Hello, I've encountered an error during importing the record_maps.sql into the database:
14:24 < bridge> <thrava> ERROR 1180 (HY000) at line 40: Got error 1 "Operation not permitted" during COMMIT
14:24 < bridge> <thrava> the line 40 is INSERT INTO "record_maps" VALUES and the map info below
14:24 < bridge> <thrava> 10.11.13-MariaDB-0ubuntu0.24.04.1 Ubuntu 24.04
14:24 < bridge> <thrava> I've tried to execute it with sudo, but the question seems not on it
14:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Does your db user have write access?
14:30 < bridge> <thrava> I've succeeded importing the record_mapinfo.sql before
14:31 < bridge> <thrava> mysql -uroot teeworlds < ddnet-sql/record_maps.sql
14:31 < bridge> <thrava> (under root bash)
14:33 < bridge> <robyt3> Can reproduce with MSYS2 in release mode
14:39 < bridge> <learath2> Oh, it's not a test failure, the testrunner flat out fails to link
14:39 < bridge> <learath2> Oh, it's not a test failure, the testrunner flat out fails to compile
14:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://nnethercote.github.io/2025/09/04/faster-rust-builds-on-mac.html
14:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> @0xdeen for u
14:42 < bridge> <robyt3> Commenting out `WriteBuffer(vBuffer, aTimeBuf, str_length(aTimeBuf));` fixes it for some reason
14:43 < bridge> <robyt3> This buffer is not constant, but apparently the compiler thinks it is
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> Huh, compiler is rarely wrong about things being constant, it's usually on the conservative side with those
14:44 < bridge> <learath2> As in it'd usually rather assume it's not constant then be wrong
14:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> maybe u casted a non const to const:?
14:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> (im ootl)
14:46 < bridge> <learath2> Ah, managed to reproduce it here too
14:48 < bridge> <0xdeen> Thanks, but I mostly build on a Hetzner server üòÑ
14:55 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, I wonder if we are hitting an stl defect here
14:59 < bridge> <learath2> Or a gcc defect maybe
14:59 < bridge> <learath2> https://gcc.gnu.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=105746 it was broken some time ago for some cases
15:01 < bridge> <robyt3> Replacing the `str_length` with `__gnu_cxx::char_traits<char>::length` in this line also fixes it apparently
15:03 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, theirs is static constexpr too, I wonder why that doesn't optimize the same way triggering Warray-bounds
15:04 < bridge> <learath2> btw I think the issue is the line below the one you are messing with, it has compile time constant str_length
15:05 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, that's what the compiler output indicates as well, but changing that lines seems to change the optimization behavior
15:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> does clang has the issue
15:06 < bridge> <learath2> No
15:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> clang ftw
15:07 < bridge> <learath2> I think it's just a gcc defect given other people reported issues with vector too, perhaps everything we append before that is constant length, that makes gcc make assumptions about the size of the buffer
15:07 < bridge> <robyt3> Inlining the size 295 instead of `str_length(PREFIX2)` gives the same issue
15:08 < bridge> <robyt3> Seems unrelated to the `str_length` change itself
15:08 < bridge> <learath2> That's what is already happening, I think it might work if that value is not constant
15:09 < bridge> <learath2> Yep
15:10 < bridge> <learath2> Make `PREFIX2` volatile and it doesn't happen
15:10 < bridge> <robyt3> `vBuffer.resize(OldSize + DataSize + 1);` also fixes it :nouis:
15:11 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, it's related to the str_length change, it allows the optimizer to take a more optimal path which triggers the bounds issue
15:11 < bridge> <learath2> (doesn't for me)
15:12 < bridge> <robyt3> > gcc version 15.2.0 (Rev8, Built by MSYS2 project)
15:12 < bridge> <learath2> > gcc (Gentoo 14.3.0 p8) 14.3.0
15:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> ‚ûú  ~ gcc --version
15:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> gcc (Debian 14.2.0-19) 14.2.0
15:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> my debian is close to ur gentoo lol
15:15 < bridge> <learath2> sys-devel/gcc rolls especially slowly on stable gentoo, it can break a lot of things to update your system compiler
15:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> yesterday i  asked ai how can a data transfer differentiate a bit stream full of 0s from no data, i learn about 8b/10b encoding and derivatives
15:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> rly interesting
15:17 < bridge> <learath2> you could have asked this to me instead, that's why I exist
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> i was at bed about to sleep and had the sudden urge to know this
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> i didnt know if u would answer before i slept
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> The core issue:
15:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> If you send a long string of 0s (or 1s), the receiver can lose synchronization because there are no voltage transitions to extract timing from.
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> How PCIe solves it:
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> 8b/10b encoding (PCIe 1.x/2.x):
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> Every 8 data bits gets encoded as 10 bits
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> The encoding guarantees at most 5 consecutive identical bits
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> Maintains DC balance (roughly equal 0s and 1s over time)
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> Example: 8 bits of all zeros 00000000 becomes something like 1001010001
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is a part of the answer
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> then asked about usb
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> USB uses similar concepts but different specific encoding schemes depending on the version:
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> USB 1.x/2.0 (Low/Full/High Speed):
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
15:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> Uses NRZI encoding (Non-Return-to-Zero Inverted)
15:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://rustcurious.com/elements/
15:29 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, I couldn't reproduce it in a small program :/
15:29 < bridge> <learath2> tbh not surprised with how finnicky it is, it's probably an extremely specific line of optimization that's bricking it
15:55 < bridge> <learath2> @robyt3 so I think this is a gcc defect anyway, what would you like to do about it? I worry the defect might be the optimizer rather than the warning, as in the optimized code now truly invokes UB
15:58 < bridge> <robyt3> Would it help the GCC maintainers if we'd find a minimal example? Or how do we motivate them to fix it?
16:00 < bridge> <robyt3> I.e. an example without unions or move constructor overloading like in the bug report
16:01 < bridge> <learath2> If we find a minimal repro we can report it on the gcc mailing list. I highly doubt they would bother if we report it with our huge codebase, they probably can't be assed
16:02 < bridge> <learath2> I tried to extract everything relevant, but couldn't get it to issue the same warning, and idk how to inspect the generated IL to investigate further
16:07 < bridge> <robyt3> Could tools like creduce help to automatically reduce the program?
16:07 < bridge> <learath2> Never heard of this, so idk
16:07 < bridge> <robyt3> https://github.com/csmith-project/creduce
16:10 < bridge> <learath2> I didn't even think something like this could exist, sounds very useful if it can be used for this
16:18 < bridge> <chairn> USB will add some 1s or some 0s in a constant data transfer
16:20 < bridge> <chairn> iirc, inserted every 6 same bits
16:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> yep
16:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> well depends on version iirc
16:20 < bridge> <chairn> im currently struggling on making animated tikz-timing table for I2C, then i'll do SPI and then USB
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> USB 1.x/2.0 (Low/Full/High Speed):
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Uses NRZI encoding (Non-Return-to-Zero Inverted)
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> A '0' bit causes a voltage transition, a '1' bit maintains current voltage
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Bit stuffing: After 6 consecutive '1' bits, automatically insert a '0' bit
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> This guarantees transitions at least every 7 bit periods
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Start-of-packet and end-of-packet use special signal states (SE0, etc.)
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> USB 3.x (SuperSpeed):
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Uses 8b/10b encoding just like early PCIe
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Same DC balance and transition guarantees
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> Differential signaling pairs like PCIe
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> (the message)
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> i just want itt o be next monday
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> i got vacations
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> holidays
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk the word
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> im gonna enjoy my european rights
16:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @blazulite https://sollycluncdev.sollybunny.xyz/twinbop.html
16:36 < bridge> <ramirok_> Viruz
16:44 < ChillerDragon> souly there is quoting issue in tclient
16:44 < ChillerDragon> if first player in tab complete has a space it quotes the name
16:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ?
16:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.d8082225-9934-4d80-915a-6af76ff0015c.png
16:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> epic fail
16:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fr
16:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon doenst happen for me
16:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wat u do?
16:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** come solofng
16:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413173529926701066/image.png?ex=68baf7e9&is=68b9a669&hm=7ccf8d0aecbddf454981d5ecf73b3648811e75987e09c8b726fa42c035cb7a7d&
16:47 < bridge> <qxdfox> tab
16:47 < bridge> <qxdfox> just tab
16:47 < bridge> <qxdfox> also does it for me
16:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.f44fc19f-e064-4cf1-a6c5-26b4eaf7553f.png
16:47 < bridge> <qxdfox> wtf
16:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats chillerbot-zx tho xd 
16:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** switching screen while typing bugged the renderer xd
16:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also the console selecting is offset
16:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also i need two attempts to move the client to another screen
16:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the first time it bounces off xd
16:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** using super+arrow keys
16:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** in ``gfx_fullscreen 3`` 
16:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i hate all these bugs that might also be gnome or xorg related there are so many of them
16:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon change to sdl2 instead of sdl2-compat
16:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if thats a thing
16:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also sdl2-compat is the future
16:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** when finish sdl3 pr souly
17:00 < bridge> <kebscs> @chiller Take a string range as input and write start and end as output. Returns true if it is a valid range and false otherwise.
17:00 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont get it
17:01 < bridge> <learath2> sdl2-compat is easily the stupidest engineering decision I have ever heard in my life. Especially when sdl2 is still getting patches
17:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs hm
17:01 < bridge> <learath2> Arch's decision to make it provide sdl2 by default is even stupider
17:01 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @kebscs it parses a string range to two integers
17:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if you dont like the design dont do it i guess
17:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i thought it would be cool
17:02 < bridge> <kebscs> so string "abcd" would return a and d?
17:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** return false
17:03 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont get it
17:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** maybe u get rossbits comment?
17:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the method takes as input a string such as ``"2-6"`` and then returns the two integers `2` and `6`
17:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but you can only return one value so the actual return value is a bool for success
17:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and the parameters are pointers where the values will be written to
17:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats a bit wonkey C returning
17:04 < bridge> <kebscs> complicated for 0
17:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you can also go full bloated c++ approach using rossbit approach
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea if u think its complicated dont do it
17:05 < bridge> <kebscs> whats rossbit
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>**   Or more modern: return an std::optional<std::pair<int, int>>.
17:05 < bridge> <kebscs> ok i refreshed and see
17:05 < bridge> <learath2> What are you guys implementing?
17:05 < bridge> <jxsl13> rossbit is probably a human.
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** A*
17:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10819
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i feel like parsing ranges could be something reusable in a method
17:06 < bridge> <kebscs> idk `aReason[0] >= '0' && aReason[0] <= '5'` is easy to understand for me
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** makes also reading the vote code easier
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea idc much
17:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if u dont like it dont do it
17:07 < bridge> <learath2> Ah, we have system.cpp now. You can definitely go for the std optional std pair
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ew lerato c++ enjoyer
17:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** what happend to the C senpai enjoyer of goto
17:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lerato got infected by std
17:08 < bridge> <learath2> Actually that's not great api, you want to return the rest of the string after parsing out a range, so it's usable for other stuff too
17:08 < bridge> <learath2> I still enjoy goto, even in my C++. I'm a huge advocate of responsible goto usage. Modern control flow primitives made us all lazy
17:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i mean the range is also limited to 1-5 so yea idk
17:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** reuseable might be trash anyways
17:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but testable and moving the code away from the votes
17:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i wouldnt care if it worked
17:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> robo would kill me tho
17:10 < bridge> <learath2> Replacing a library that is still getting patches
17:10 < bridge> <learath2> With an emulation of it is insane
17:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> eah
17:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i wouldnt care if it worked
17:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which it doesnt
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but u guys also blame all bugs on the compat layer
17:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** without any proof
17:10 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, I lost that battle in this project sadly. Goto makes such nice patterns, just to emulate a fraction of its power you need to invent exceptions
17:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> without any proof
17:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my mouse keeps escaping the window in sdl2 compat but in sdl2 it doesnt
17:11 < bridge> <learath2> There are at least 2 bugs that I know of caused by it. They were confirmed by people linking to actual sdl2 manually
17:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> literally unplayable
17:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** .-.
17:11 < bridge> <learath2> So it is worth checking
17:11 < bridge> <teero777> yes
17:12 < bridge> <teero777> I had to disconnect all my other monitors and set ddnet to full screen xd
17:13 < bridge> <teero777> now I'm single monitor enjoyer with all my workspaces
17:13 < bridge> <pathos3005> This is the demo for it since I can't paste demos on GitHub. To clarify, this was v2.0. We were in a CTF game and everybody experienced the same bug.
17:13 < bridge> <pathos3005> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413180198421135481/suicide_respawn_bug.demo?ex=68bafe1e&is=68b9ac9e&hm=dfc4ab8df239564cff451236ccb6cb76c024d5093298c90ebcd916b01f313d7e&
17:14 < bridge> <pathos3005> I saw that in the beginning, but when I set `sv_old_laser 1` and `tune laser_bounce_num 1`, it didn't do anything. Do I need to reload?
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @pathos3005 wdym "happend"?
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see the demo it looks bad
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but can you consistently reproduce?
17:15 < bridge> <pathos3005> Yeah it was every single time
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** still?
17:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** why is it not for me?
17:15 < bridge> <pathos3005> I don't host the v2.0 anymore, so I couldn't tell you, I host 1.7 now
17:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** could you please try to reproduce again
17:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont know how else to fix it
17:16 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** for me it works perfectly
17:16 < bridge> <pathos3005> Errr I don't think I will touch v2.0 again lol
17:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @pathos3005 bru
17:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then ill guess i close the issue as cant reproduce and stop investigating
17:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @pathos3005 you cant put these in your normal config you know that right?
17:17 < bridge> <pathos3005> Do I need to reload after `sv_old_laser 1` and `tune laser_bounce_num 1` ?
17:17 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** they have to be in the reset file
17:18 < bridge> <pathos3005> Wait what, so I need to name the file literal `reset.cfg`???
17:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** depening on your config how the file is called
17:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** read the docs ._.
17:18 < bridge> <pathos3005> The demo is the reproduction of it, I don't have any other demo, sorry, but it was 100% consistent, every single time, I don't know
17:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i would need to see it
17:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** go turn on v2 server now!
17:18 < bridge> <pathos3005> The docs doesn't explain about the necessity of the name of the file
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we fix this
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** IT DOES
17:19 < bridge> <pathos3005> I deleted v2 and you see the demo lol
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the demo does not help
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if i do it in lan it works
17:19 < bridge> <pathos3005> `sv_reset_file filename.cfg` or it *must* be `sv_reset_file reset.cfg`???
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.f6f63f95-bc9e-4c55-b47f-014765d419a3.png
17:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ITS BOLD
17:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** by default its reset.cfg
17:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** unless you touched `sv_reset_file`
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @pathos3005 go turn on server again
17:21 < bridge> <pathos3005> Yeah... exactly...
17:21 < bridge> <pathos3005> I deleted v2
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** clone it again
17:21 < bridge> <pathos3005> lol not now
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** !!!
17:21 < bridge> <pathos3005> Busy at the moment, just taking a break right now
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you cant edge me with unreproducible bug report and then leave
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** okok
17:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can wait
17:23 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 did you test this? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10826#discussion_r2322525397
17:24 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, command completions and help still display properly
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** why does gh still say queued after a force push?
17:24 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or were you faster than me?
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nah u were slower
17:25 < bridge> <robyt3> It only stops the queue for users without write access
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** interesting
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** seems like a flaw to me
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or maybe feature idk
17:25 < bridge> <robyt3> Yeah, not sure if it automatically restarts the queue build
17:25 < bridge> <learath2> `char *str_to_range(const char *pStr, std::optional<std::pair<int, int>> &Range);`
17:25 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ima choke it to be sure
17:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** style in system.cpp is fucked somehow
17:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** should be `str` not `pStr` to be consistent 
17:28 < bridge> <learath2> Oh yeah, system.cpp we still pretend is in C üòÑ
17:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sometimes
17:28 < bridge> <learath2> Actually this needs to take `char *`. I hate this about C++
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wot why not const
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** a
17:29 < bridge> <learath2> Cause you'd have to cast away the const when returning otherwise, which is not legal
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if u want to return it
17:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ye ye didnt see the return
17:29 < bridge> <learath2> It's one thing I hate about C++ and C
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you and your consuming consequental ranges parser
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** watf is the use case xd
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** when do you have multiple ranges
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 can rust do that?
17:30 < bridge> <learath2> Idk, say we want to parse a list of ranges?
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or any language?
17:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 yea lets say that xd but bruv when
17:31 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> WHY ARE THERE SO MANY PAGES DESCRIBING HOW TO GET SOMEWHERE INSTEAD OF JUST THAT PAGE
17:31 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> IM TRYNA FIND MY STUDENT FEES THING WHICH IS A SPERATE THIG FROM EVERYTHING ELSE BECAUSE MIDDLE FINGER
17:31 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> AND THERES LITERALLY 50 PAGES
17:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> WHICH ARENT THE PAGE IM LOOKING FOR
17:32 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> fun
17:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (literally very literally)
17:32 < bridge> <learath2> That's just how you have parsing functions usually, idk why you hate it so much
17:32 < bridge> <learath2> Look at `atoi`
17:32 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> When the manual starts with *How to read this manual*
17:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know the page im lookign for its literally, "this is waht u have to pay, and status"
17:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) im sure lerato knows ur fee. He is in university since 60 years
17:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> why the fck are you sheldon now
17:33 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> BAZINGA
17:33 < bridge> <thrava> Now I use MariaDB 11.8.2 (Exactly the same version with the .sql header shows), but I got the same Error when importing
17:33 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 yea no i get it i just feel like all the consuming stuff is already implemented but idk
17:34 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we split args on spaces and then a correct range has to fully parse the entire string and not partially
17:35 < bridge> <learath2> Can rust do that, hm, rust I think suffers from the same issue, take in non-mut slice, have to return non-mut slice, idk how you'd go back to mut from that without some hacky bs
17:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont even feel like its that hacky in C
17:35 < bridge> <learath2> Now you are either allocating stuff, or introducing temporary stateful nuls into the string
17:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just cast everything to `void *`
17:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
17:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> We are writing to inform you that, after the UK Government‚Äôs decision to increase the annual tuition fees for undergraduate students your tuition fee will increase by ¬£285 from ¬£9,250 to ¬£9,535 at Southampton Solent University for 2025/2026 returning students.
17:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> epic dox
17:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u in uk?
17:36 < bridge> <learath2> I sometimes forget there are lots of 2024 devs in here. Allocations are free
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> We are writing to inform you that, after the UK Government‚Äôs decision to increase the annual tuition fees for undergraduate students your tuition fee will increase by ¬£285 from ¬£9,250 to ¬£9,535 at ...... University for 2025/2026 returning students.
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
17:36 < bridge> <learath2> Irc never forgets
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i know..
17:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** never forgets
17:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont get an email about how to pay, just that i have to pay more
17:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** solly u brit?
17:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yes
17:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no way
17:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i wish to leave
17:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** isnt ur english supposed to be native level then? xd
17:37 < bridge> <Assa> @Robyt with old behavior this did linebreaks on width, is this atill the case? I already wondered if this should also have a clip option for example
17:37 < bridge> <learath2> Innit?
17:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
17:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon you just cant underastnd my splendid native tongue
17:38 < bridge> <Assa> did the ping just nor work:(
17:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** souly u gonna hear so many brit jokes now
17:38 < bridge> <learath2> It didnt
17:38 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3
17:38 < bridge> <Assa> @Robyt with old behavior this did linebreaks on width, is this still the case? I already wondered if this should also have a clip option for example
17:39 < bridge> <Assa> @Robyt with old behavior this did linebreaks on width, is this still the case? I already wondered if this should also have a clip option for the console for example
17:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I FOUND IT
17:39 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Mine is a very memorable figure, 12000‚Ç¨, except I don't have to pay because life is good like that :)
17:40 < bridge> <learath2> You pay the fees to my IBAN. I'll send it to you
17:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `portal -> different portal -> search fee -> top result -> pay here -> pay here -> pay for upcoming tuition -> i have to re-enter all the information i put in the last time i did this -> i get to pay`
17:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how much üëª
17:40 < bridge> <Assa> do something against your goverment survailence act
17:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i cant
17:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i wish to leave
17:41 < bridge> <learath2> 9,535¬£
17:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> my government is retarded
17:41 < bridge> <Assa> burn officials
17:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> what is the pt
17:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> what is the pt
17:41 < bridge> <robyt3> Should be unaffected, test while it's still in the queue. I'm not near my laptop right now.
17:41 < bridge> <learath2> Announce your support for palestine action so you can go directly to jail
17:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont support anyone theyre all retarded stop fighting like children
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) where exactly do you live? xd
17:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> england
17:42 < bridge> <learath2> Send coordinates
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which city
17:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 0,0
17:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> england city
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** not a thing right?
17:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i mean there is mexico city
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so ..
17:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u never know
17:42 < bridge> <learath2> Send coordinates relative to null island
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> atleast 3
17:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** is ur city confidental or wat?
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah
17:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its a city nobody is gonna stream snipe u there
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but the pedofiles
17:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** right
17:43 < bridge> <learath2> I will track you down for tuition fees owed
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413187830766899293/image.png?ex=68bb053a&is=68b9b3ba&hm=7bc0ff4febaa9e3ff05d59edeab327795afe68d07d076c4df6c0de2f7e4e2d79&
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> AAAAAAA
17:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I HATE THIS WEBSITE
17:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ITS WRONG AGAIN
17:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413187906520223764/image.png?ex=68bb054c&is=68b9b3cc&hm=6dc6956dbef07075641c1a1926fc0375d0be266f6d8189935c9a3db8f1e1fc04&
17:44 < bridge> <learath2> Sounds about right. It's probably 9.35k¬£ per semester, 2 semesters
17:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its the price of tyour iban per year
17:45 < bridge> <learath2> Sounds about right. It's probably 9.535k¬£ per semester, 2 semesters
17:45 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Oh, you must've been mistaken, it wasn't increased *to* ¬£9,535, it was increased *by* ¬£9,535
17:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xd
17:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> same thing happened last year
17:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it kept increasing by 50 pounds per day
17:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i wasnt told why
17:45 < bridge> <learath2> Oh this isn't #off-topic lol
17:45 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> same difference
17:46 < bridge> <louis> lucky europeans with low tuition :justatest:
17:46 < bridge> <learath2> I pay 2.6k‚Ç¨ per year here
17:46 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Oh did you read my brag that I don't have to pay? :P
17:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413188698333511762/image.png?ex=68bb0609&is=68b9b489&hm=07fe88bdd89410f4e87a6768c502a8868cdaa7f0da297acf96bfa32169b4ebe8&
17:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ur admin ername channel
17:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i want out
17:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** according to my quick grep the word off-topic has been mentioned 480 times in the #developer channel xd
17:48 < bridge> <learath2> If only Brexit hadn't happened you could have pulled up to NL
17:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** 466 only #ddnet and the rest is in #teeworlds
17:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I KNOW
17:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I HATE MY GOVERNEMNT SO MCUH
17:49 < bridge> <kollpotato> bazinga
17:49 < bridge> <learath2> I want to do #Development, but there is a no laptop policy in this cafe/bar thing
17:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i was indifferent about a stupid decision but now that i have been informed about how they havent done anything meaningfull since i was born
17:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lerato wants big D ?
17:49 < bridge> <kollpotato> what about pcs?
17:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or wat
17:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @learath2 you are coding ur ai girlfriend so its fine
17:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> peices?
17:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ah development
17:50 < bridge> <learath2> I could pull out my desktop, it says nothing about that
17:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i read #Developer
17:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> personal computers
17:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** renaming the channel would be troll
17:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** can discord do capital letters?
17:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> noice
17:50 < bridge> <learath2> I would do it to mess around, but it might break the bridges and stuff
17:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 why u spend time in laptopless bar?
17:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> lerato fix this
17:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413189545964343296/Screenshot_2025-09-04-18-50-32-58_572064f74bd5f9fa804b05334aa4f912.jpg?ex=68bb06d3&is=68b9b553&hm=b9b2c51f076ed26c91918906446eb83f3d30a78b6d68df6fd2a764d7173ecaa4&
17:50 < bridge> <kollpotato> it bothers me
17:50 < bridge> <learath2> It's beer o'clock
17:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lez go
17:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Information
17:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> guys come to Finland you can get free uni as long as you're from the EU, the EEA, have a permanent residence permit for Finland, or are proficient enough in Finnish to do your studies in the language
17:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i saw so many cool pubs in ams where ppl would chill w laptops and nobody would care
17:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> voice and archive categories are also not capitalized :feelsbadman:
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> I can't it doesn't let me
17:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> wtf an admin doesn't have perms
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> I can do a second masters in Finland in 2 years
17:52 < bridge> <thrava> well, I deleted the UNIQUE KEY "Map" ("Map") in record_maps.sql(line 29), and the importing just go back to normal
17:52 < bridge> <kollpotato> deen controls everything
17:52 < bridge> <learath2> Nvm it was my internet connection, it worked now
17:53 < bridge> <thrava> how
17:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> i love u
17:53 < bridge> <learath2> I hope murpi didn't have that hardcoded in the bot somewhere
17:53 < bridge> <louis> bad map name maybe?
17:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> it's probably by ids
17:53 < bridge> <kollpotato> u can't interact with discord apis with just names
17:54 < bridge> <learath2> Should be, but if you are insane enough you could technically get a list of all channels and filter by name to get the id üòÑ
17:54 < bridge> <thrava> I don't know, but I download the sql file from https://ddnet.org/stats/ddnet-sql.zip
17:54 < bridge> <kollpotato> let's hope murpi is not insane
17:55 < bridge> <thrava> And next, the record_race.sql have duplicated entry when importing, I guess I need to got some method to check a file around 10 GB ( DX
17:55 < bridge> <louis> ive heard the map discord bot is coded kinda insane
17:57 < bridge> <thrava> I'm stuck around it for 3 days
17:57 < bridge> <thrava> Nearly insane
17:58 < bridge> <learath2> It is, it uses the topics in the channels as data, and the channels themselves as rows. It's abusing discord as a db
17:59 < bridge> <learath2> It's quite weird that you are having trouble with it. It should be a direct export of what we have live
17:59 < bridge> <kollpotato> i once made a website for a client which used payment service metadata as db
17:59 < bridge> <kollpotato> am i insane too
17:59 < bridge> <learath2> @ryozuki I think you regularly import the dump, do you have to change anything?
17:59 < bridge> <thrava> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413191753090990203/image.png?ex=68bb08e1&is=68b9b761&hm=3d013abbc192ef461d4d9f643462abd279e7f3b487c5e1122fe6096298ba3cec&
17:59 < bridge> <louis> oh wait i understood incorrectly you just cant create the table?
18:00 < bridge> <learath2> Map is supposed to be a unique key of that table, did we put out a broken dump or something?
18:00 < bridge> <thrava> I don't know, It just throw Error 1180 Got error 1 "Operation not permitted" during COMMIT
18:01 < bridge> <learath2> Is that mysql or some other db you are importing this in?
18:01 < bridge> <thrava> what ever on win or linux, 11.8.2 or latest
18:01 < bridge> <thrava> mariadb
18:01 < bridge> <thrava> except I havn't yay, so I use apt
18:02 < bridge> <learath2> Mh, that looks about right, idk
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i stoppped that, but i added indexes
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i used sqlite
18:02 < bridge> <learath2> Ah, sqlite is so lax that it isn't a good measure of correctness
18:03 < bridge> <learath2> They don't even have real data types
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> btw mariadb uses few mb if not configured
18:03 < bridge> <thrava> record_maps.sql
18:03 < bridge> <thrava> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413192823091761255/image.png?ex=68bb09e0&is=68b9b860&hm=863aeda965e975f3fea7b56595b298bf75f62a1cf0478b053b3138a4e999a0df&
18:04 < bridge> <learath2> I can check later tonight, but I'm pretty sure nothing should be broken, we just dump whatever is on the server
18:04 < bridge> <learath2> Especially duplicates inside record_maps, that would break so many things
18:05 < bridge> <thrava> I tried both on linux and windows, but I have 80% percent of confidence that the problem is not on me, or the instruction is missing some steps like configuring
18:06 < bridge> <thrava> There is a special solution that 'skip' this error on record_maps
18:06 < bridge> <Assa> greenich or something... idk London
18:07 < bridge> <thrava> that is delete anything like /**/;
18:07 < bridge> <thrava> and delete the "m like "record_maps" -> record_maps
18:07 < bridge> <thrava> but then it throw duplicated entry
18:08 < bridge> <thrava> When I did this, the program seems to be not case sensitive
18:09 < bridge> <thrava> but the importing of record_mapinfo.sql is totally normal
18:10 < bridge> <thrava> I compare the record_maps.sql to it, and found anything was matched except the UNIQUE KEY "Map" ("Map"), so I delete it (I have no choice), and the importing of this file back to normal
18:14 < bridge> <thrava> The default MariaDB seems to be not case sensitive, that lead the duplicated enrty error occurring during importing record_race.sql
18:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> renderplayer is so messy help
18:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im so scared ima mess something up
18:24 < bridge> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10434
18:24 < bridge> <kebscs> bump
18:26 < bridge> <thrava> OK I think I got the problem, the case sensitivity
18:28 < bridge> <thrava> I think you should add COLLATE utf8mb4_bin for "Map" or "Name", or the case sensitivity problem will cause errors
19:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413207178352922726/image.png?ex=68bb173f&is=68b9c5bf&hm=e9597edb8f074ce38f47b98454f3e617f89b82f9e023677441f1303bad35097e&
19:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ermm
19:37 < bridge> <Assa> 14 commits?
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its so that its reviewable xd
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it is 200 lines of changes
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 14 lines per change
19:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 14 lines per commit
19:51 < bridge> <blazulite> Bad gateway Error code 502
19:51 < bridge> <blazulite> Visit cloudflare.com for more information.
19:51 < bridge> <blazulite> 2025-09-04 17:51:17 UTC
19:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh oop gimme a momenet
19:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> try now
19:54 < bridge> <blazulite> oke 1 sec
19:56 < bridge> <blazulite> OMG LMAO
19:56 < bridge> <blazulite> i love this
19:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> throw one of them
19:57 < bridge> <blazulite> I tried doing thst
19:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @blazulite i made a pr for it
19:59 < bridge> <blazulite> will merge it once i go to the pc
20:14 < ChillerDragon> does the antiping margin thingies actually lower ping displayed in scoreboard?
20:14 < ChillerDragon> that would be weird to me xd
20:14 < ChillerDragon> but someone in chat just said it does, idk i never turned that stuff on
20:19 < bridge> <vahemaaa> chillerdragon: it changes the prediction time in milliseconds, but nothing changes on scoreboard
20:19 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413226878680174592/Screenshot_232.png?ex=68bb2998&is=68b9d818&hm=75fe5bc84c85dc0403b97547666116ee33bc6d7b8f791344a703cc9a5260dbff&
20:19 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413226879099338778/Screenshot_231.png?ex=68bb2998&is=68b9d818&hm=16faaff87fa474e2562aa2cefee298aeffd45bf8d239c7faf5e5b462da82587c&
20:35 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea thats what i thought
20:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nice antibot pr souly https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10828
20:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok now split into 14 prs like a boss
20:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) ci is failling https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/actions/runs/17473550087/job/49627682271?pr=10829
20:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> steal my commit, make a new pr, make me fix the ci?
20:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> what is this
20:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
20:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** well i would prefer if you open the pr
20:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> that was a bazinga
20:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** did you create the commits in the end or what?
20:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** imo commits should always build
20:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i agree
20:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its a mistake
20:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> from trying to squash even more commits
20:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and merge errors
20:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see
20:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lemme know when its fixed
20:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xd okay
20:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> they are quite sequential
20:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cuz they edit the same code
20:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
20:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats fine
20:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just git rebase -i and make the first commit build
20:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i wonder if we could check individual commits building in the CI
20:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** there is no use in rossbit splitting his prs in liek 20 commit steps if in the end we cant bisect anyways
20:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah the no compile was a mistake
20:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yea dw 
20:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i only checked a few points
20:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im just wondering how often this gets missed
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> github already wastes millions with excessive builds i bet
20:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** because the lazy ass clima change stopping CI only builds the latest commit
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> like yes please buiold project because i push forced README.md 12 times
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> like yes please buiold project 12 times because i push forced README.md 12 times
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> idk why its free like damn
20:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** because open src
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> there should be guidelines on adding build on some files changes
20:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also i think there are tricks to exclude readme from ci
20:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats a free pr for ddnet if u want
20:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but cring who doesnt run CI on the readme
20:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well for pulls u need atleast 1 build
20:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** "there should be guidelines on adding build on some files changes"
20:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> idk if its smart enough to build pr head once then not agin on force push readme
20:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk wat this means
20:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> restrict build to changes on only some files
20:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** a
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its not like we get a lot of readme prs
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we are not electron
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or what was the india ddos repo?
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** were u here for that solly? xd
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** there is one open source project where 100 of indians send prs to add their own name to the readme a day
20:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> india ddos repo??
20:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** because of some indian tech influencer showing how to get a job
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** by doing exactly that
20:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh yeah
20:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> theres tons of those
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** they need to deactivate the CI for the readme
20:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `git push origin fa0c3a96d35c5cf3df2bf7f47996b35e62329c1e:refs/heads/10828_1`
20:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i am the git'er
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** in ddnet its not that dramatic i would say
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wowo gitter
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but are you also githubber?
20:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or do you need me to pr? xd
20:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i guess so
20:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if it compiles im petty sure it will work
20:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have to wait for ci anyway ^~^
20:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413236338970333204/image.png?ex=68bb3267&is=68b9e0e7&hm=2e89a7d6258b9130a137a0eb7af58804fbd98cb6202232a4b06c30002e2eead4&
20:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> idk why this needs a new experience, this is purely better (minus forgetting 2 buttons)
20:57 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and the dot instead of "files reviewed"
21:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the float notation is also a free merge
21:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i am personally also a never nester but maybe for that we should give other maintainers more time than 10 minutes
21:08 < bridge> <manikoo> you guys in #developer are crazy
21:11 < bridge> <filoqcus> üêñ
21:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon i have to wait 40m per commit
21:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bloody ci
21:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) i did not farm enough maintainer aura to bypass ci xd
21:30 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also solly remember the ddnet-insta incident xd
21:31 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** CI is your friend
21:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon yeah not a good record for that
21:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i vibe googled that u can cache github ci container stuff
21:36 < bridge> <learath2> You can, I think we even do
21:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we cache a bunch of rust stuff
21:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats how you get nice cache errors causing failling ci
21:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
21:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> rust onl;y
21:36 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** hrhrhhr
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we dont even need rust
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):<
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> anyway i was more looking at android
21:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i think it could be possible to drop rust dependency without dropping rust bridge
21:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** just precompile it into ddnet-libs
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> wait
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah...
21:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so rust is no longer required in the CI or for devs 
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but eventually there will be rust stuff
21:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we only need to recompile it when it changes
21:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which is rare
21:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and then we need ddnet-libs update
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well we can cache the entire rust build which should be equivilant (no dropping rust dep tho)
21:38 < bridge> <learath2> I think rust is the least of our issues with the CI. Isn't clang-tidy taking like 8 days and waiting for a macOS instance?
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> actually macos is sometimes the first to complete on tater
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its android
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> clang tidy is also very fast
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well compared to building
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> fix style runs in under a min on my old hardware
21:39 < bridge> <learath2> Clang tidy being fast doesn't compute in my brain
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> idk how that compare with the ci
21:39 < bridge> <learath2> Fix style is almost instant
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> most of my clang tidy issues are style
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> are they not seperate bits?
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would be nice for people who dont have ide setup and force push 20 times
21:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> also feels like wasted work reparsing the entire codebase 40 times
21:39 < bridge> <learath2> clang-tidy is not clang-format. clang-tidy is basically as slow as a build but slower
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> incremenetal ci build?
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> can u cache cmake dir?
21:40 < bridge> <learath2> You don't want this, unless it's in just a single pr context
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> whyn;t
21:40 < bridge> <learath2> Incremental builds can hide bugs accidentally, they are not perfect
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i guess so
21:41 < bridge> <learath2> It'll still fail, but it might fail on the wrong issue
21:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sigh
21:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> just get better incremental builds
21:41 < bridge> <learath2> Honestly, you shouldn't really be abusing CI like that
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if it didnt hide bugs why not?
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if it didnt hide bugs why else not?
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> with the hiding bugs (which i have experienced) i understand but is that it
21:42 < bridge> <learath2> Do we do fix style before everything else? That might be a good optimization most people fail the style
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i dont fail style anymore B)
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> arent they all parralel?
21:43 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe, but if it is we can sequence fix style before everything so long CI runs can be avoided in some cases
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if its just style i want the rest of the ci to go ahead
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so i know all the problems
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> before i start fixing them
21:44 < bridge> <learath2> Well then there is no other easy optimization
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ):
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.650c2aae-7b0b-43f7-9479-da2542ac7a05.png
21:45 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe incremental builds within a single PR and only a full clean build when merging, but idk if github has granular enough control for that
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh yeah im sure that apt is slower than what github cache can do
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** android build is 34mins prepare linux
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its cuz of ndk/sdk
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its cuz of android ndk/sdk
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** all prepare linux can be containerized and downloaded from a registry in seconds i suppose
21:45 < bridge> <learath2> That can definitely get cached somehow. Maybe we can install the android stuff in the userdir and cache it
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well ima push "my" vibe coded solution to that
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but then we need to maintain a Dockerfil instead of a github action yaml
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> see if it works
21:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i might look into it
21:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** lemme open todo
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> which icon looks better to represent top players?
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249104020111551/image.png?ex=68bb3e4b&is=68b9eccb&hm=c8847a7e5404d6f9b12f3ac366d2f10f3db652ac8cc11e8956b0c9da59b9cc8e&
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249104477421608/image.png?ex=68bb3e4b&is=68b9eccb&hm=a115baa28fd72c0f38531ab239ab23adf9a6daaf8f569aaa88c9d7785a71c817&
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249105009967124/image.png?ex=68bb3e4b&is=68b9eccb&hm=e765ff26a89569b44f2b8698eb0086b02ec8897d7ecead4d32428c1a90d4d206&
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> I personally think the trophy but I'm not quite sure
21:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> trophee tee
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> for context:
21:47 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249198010142851/image.png?ex=68bb3e61&is=68b9ece1&hm=e5f13a26bc8a0749ab328492199eaa0fe7cc402b5c675d3f5b5cf04746c44abb&
21:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> looks like osu but a bit scuffed
21:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> looks like osu but a scuffed
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> looks like osu but scuffed
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (i like osu)
21:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249297549627482/image.png?ex=68bb3e79&is=68b9ecf9&hm=9d8e3230ff641f716a8ae9db086c4dc5d8e8a25e514cab9eb6e30bcf0c32caeb&
21:48 < bridge> <manikoo> but without clan
21:48 < bridge> <blazulite> That would fit as the leaderboard's icon, I mean the top players one
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> do we not have a troptee?
21:48 < bridge> <manikoo> and skin
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> wait u can use docker images as bases? @chillerdragon
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ofc
21:49 < bridge> <blazulite> Why? It would help identify players easily
21:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then ig award looks cleanest
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://namespace.so/docs/solutions/github-actions/custom-base-images
21:49 < bridge> <blazulite> Why? It would help identify players easier
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> nice
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> can u have docker images autoupdate
21:49 < bridge> <blazulite> Hmm fair
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
21:49 < bridge> <manikoo> nickname is the only needed in top list
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats very clean
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** still effort to setup and maintain
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would it be better to have one docker for everything
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> would it be better to have one docker for everything (per os)
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** idk
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** would need to play
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> or just do android
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> play
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it hasnt failed
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> grr stop lying
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413249977152700537/image.png?ex=68bb3f1b&is=68b9ed9b&hm=d2a05a8f16158aefcb49fe45e57f9799bf484b877ebe9c1ced4a9d36afda5c9f&
21:51 < bridge> <blazulite> @jupeyy_keks Also btw, this is how it's going so far
21:51 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413250061110083697/image.png?ex=68bb3f2f&is=68b9edaf&hm=3c2438a590bbf4904e3aa37926428be39633488f4b039a626a3df40b62d1c7f4&
21:51 < bridge> <blazulite> it's still missing a lot of stuff
21:51 < bridge> <blazulite> But eh the layout is good enough I think
21:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** looks nice!
21:51 < bridge> <blazulite> Tyy
21:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ddnet-rs really evolved since i last tried it
21:52 < bridge> <blazulite> It did
21:52 < bridge> <blazulite> I love ddnet-rs so much
21:52 < bridge> <learath2> :pepeW:
21:52 < bridge> <melon> you'll make my life miserable
21:52 < bridge> <blazulite> The only downside is the fact it's rust (i hate rustlang so much) (anything's better than rust) (change my mind)
21:52 < bridge> <blazulite> I love u too melon <3
21:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> is this ingame rendered or what
21:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> or just photoshop
21:53 < bridge> <melon> its a POC in some sort of editor
21:53 < bridge> <blazulite> just a mockup of the design
21:53 < bridge> <melon> is POC or mockup the right word for that
21:53 < bridge> <melon> english hard
21:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is this in code?
21:53 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413250584911544412/image.png?ex=68bb3fac&is=68b9ee2c&hm=d504a8b9ebfb2befe320eb8361236c5106c604dcb193ce040ecfa94eb272f1c4&
21:53 < bridge> <blazulite> ah I wish
21:53 < bridge> <learath2> Mockup sounds more accurate, a POC would be in code
21:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> hehe okay
21:53 < bridge> <melon> ic - ty
21:54 < bridge> <melon> i wonder if i should just restructure existing elements or redo the entire thing
21:54 < bridge> <melon> i'm just glad jupsti actually has good folder structure
21:54 < bridge> <blazulite> I think would need to write a 8941 lines paragraph on the guidelines to maintain consistence among all the interface in case y'all wanna craft some menus designs by yourselves
21:54 < bridge> <melon> :Pepega:
21:54 < bridge> <blazulite> I made it in a way it would mainly just need to restructure existing elements
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> For example, the friends list in its closed status is pretty much based on the current navigation bar on ddnet-rs
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413251024965210335/image.png?ex=68bb4015&is=68b9ee95&hm=89a7820ae99ad5aa7f68aea2a17c038e855e65a26a2870442545737bbe2f964c&
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413251086386724885/image.png?ex=68bb4023&is=68b9eea3&hm=7ca645ae58f0952b2c717cd712e74d14181821818fa03b8003c068d2313689bf&
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> wati w
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> wait what
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> why is it showing like that
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> oh nvm it just didnt load
21:55 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413251159656763633/image.png?ex=68bb4035&is=68b9eeb5&hm=1c7f9156a88b355790bde434c0fa3e4a36e2faef5fb22b145a3af32c8991c4cf&
21:56 < bridge> <learath2> Or IOW this is the C of the POC
21:56 < bridge> <learath2> Why is internet so bad in this country
21:57 < bridge> <blazulite> oh by the way, i have a question:
21:57 < bridge> <blazulite> Should I keep this bar? or should I add the "Exit" thing to the left bar?
21:57 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413251545365086278/image.png?ex=68bb4091&is=68b9ef11&hm=8f8d01890d7979e4a03982ed913dc0a031416a27f7517af90249a2f476a56856&
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I'd maybe put home, editor, demos into some kind of "Collection" popover.
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then have your favorite commuties below it similar to discord and currently in ddnet-rs
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I dunno what bookmark is for.
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i like the center panel. at least for ddrace this looks cool.
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Always the question how it looks like if you have 4:3 screen or smth.
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Desining for a single resolution is always easy üòÑ
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> icons arent cached rn, that is why it sucks rn xd
21:57 < bridge> <learath2> You care about 4:3 people? The last 4:3 monitor was probably sold a decade or two ago üòÑ
21:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if not 4:3, then 21:9
21:58 < bridge> <blazulite> jokes on you, my best friend got a 4:3 monitor a few days ago
21:58 < bridge> <blazulite> Don't ask why, I don't know either
21:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> something always breaks in different aspect ratios
21:58 < bridge> <learath2> 21:9 is wider, should almost always be fine
21:58 < bridge> <learath2> Thinner is what breaks stuff. Wider you get some empty space, not the end of the world
21:58 < bridge> <learath2> Definitely not something the ultrawide people aren't used to
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> > I'd maybe put home, editor, demos into some kind of "Collection" popover.
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> Ohh, maybe like three icons in the same row?
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> > I dunno what bookmark is for.
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> That was just an idea I suggested but never got a reply about it xD, it can be removed if you want though
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> 
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> Basically, a place where you can save pages, maps, servers and pretty much anything you want
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413252369881239683/image.png?ex=68bb4155&is=68b9efd5&hm=feb6476b3b842e7d15b82455e1fe0588ae7acaea19c9285ea410d233cba985f5&
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> > I'd maybe put home, editor, demos into some kind of "Collection" popover.
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> Ohh, maybe like three icons in the same row?
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> > I dunno what bookmark is for.
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> That was just an idea I suggested but never got a response back xD, it can be removed if you want though
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> 
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> Basically, a place where you can save pages, maps, servers and pretty much anything you want
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413252369881239683/image.png?ex=68bb4155&is=68b9efd5&hm=feb6476b3b842e7d15b82455e1fe0588ae7acaea19c9285ea410d233cba985f5&
22:00 < bridge> <blazulite> could be useful for ease of access
22:01 < bridge> <blazulite> > Always the question how it looks like if you have 4:3 screen or smth.
22:01 < bridge> <blazulite> And about this: these can get one above each other in one row instead of two and making it scrollable
22:01 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413252728548884540/image.png?ex=68bb41ab&is=68b9f02b&hm=021d0cd8f33f87a15d038dcbdba5c962e6521c1f83dcc5e0d4ed8cd4af416873&
22:02 < bridge> <blazulite> This is also another idea I had - Direct messages
22:02 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413252951543119892/image.png?ex=68bb41e0&is=68b9f060&hm=60f0a49363a236e9f89622698f7e71bcf22bc697530a95464310892805fe54c4&
22:02 < bridge> <blazulite> Thing is, I don't know how moderation could even work in this case
22:02 < bridge> <melon> "fuck you 10 0 l2p whysoeasy dontcry" in my dms, cant wait
22:03 < bridge> <learath2> No moderation of dms, no one does it
22:03 < bridge> <learath2> Just don't allow dms from non-friends
22:03 < bridge> <blazulite> Oh well that
22:03 < bridge> <blazulite> that makes sense yeah
22:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** moderation of dms sounds like cctv on toilet smh
22:04 < bridge> <kebscs> what about showing discord dms in ddnet chat?
22:04 < bridge> <learath2> Someone added me after a league game, called my mother a midget, and me an n-word f-word. Was a very nice experience
22:04 < bridge> <kebscs> i saw rust has it with the new discord sdk integration
22:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> let me quickly win the lottery and we can start making the ui
22:04 < bridge> <learath2> At ddnet inc. we would never do that
22:04 < bridge> <kebscs> rust game, not the nerdy rust
22:04 < bridge> <melon> :KEKW:  i would want to work on it, but it'll take a few months to be usable if i work on it alone
22:04 < bridge> <blazulite> oh yeah the discord game sdk
22:04 < bridge> <learath2> They don't let just anyone integrate that deeply, at least last I checked
22:05 < bridge> <blazulite> that's what a friend suggested
22:05 < bridge> <blazulite> well they say you can't never know til you try
22:05 < bridge> <blazulite> I just know shit aint free thoüíÄ
22:05 < bridge> <kebscs> i think i sawi it in the docs too
22:05 < bridge> <learath2> You'd 100% need a closed source blob for it, at the very least
22:05 < bridge> <blazulite> well they say you can never know til you try
22:06 < bridge> <blazulite> oh by the way I just realized i did not show anything about the open status of this bar
22:06 < bridge> <blazulite> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413253989918834739/image.png?ex=68bb42d8&is=68b9f158&hm=e678d49e13be817d1860fdd1e014819c105f0e3f696e3a63f18f2c13ea6bcfb1&
22:07 < bridge> <kebscs> https://discord.com/developers/docs/discord-social-sdk/development-guides/sending-direct-messages#receiving-and-rendering-messages
22:07 < bridge> <blazulite> The map preview would be the ones from the website
22:07 < bridge> <learath2> Also it would be very meh if people could only dm if they have discord. Idk what rules you guys have for ddnet-rs but we definitely don't do platform lock-in for features in ddnet
22:07 < bridge> <blazulite> According to the discord game sdk you don't really need an account for that
22:08 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1413254296803344565/image.png?ex=68bb4321&is=68b9f1a1&hm=23b0b18c49924b3d014f448dab20a680ff46182e5518a3d5e40ea75320bb4d62&
22:08 < bridge> <kebscs> ah nvm
22:08 < bridge> <blazulite> According to the discord social sdk you don't really need an account for that
22:08 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, this is how I remember it too
22:08 < bridge> <kebscs> :omo:
22:08 < bridge> <learath2> I considered it for voice support in ddnet sometime back üòÑ
22:08 < bridge> <blazulite> https://discord.com/developers/docs/discord-social-sdk/core-concepts/core-features#provisional-accounts
22:09 < bridge> <learath2> That's nice but you need to get approved by discord to use this stuff
22:09 < bridge> <blazulite> Yeah I see
22:10 < bridge> <learath2> Our game is way too loose in moderation for them to like us
22:10 < bridge> <learath2> Also no money, they probably ask for money
22:10 < bridge> <blazulite> yep
22:12 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, I would like you all to know that I have started rebasing my old accounts implementation
22:12 < bridge> <melon> is that the chat command based one?
22:12 < bridge> <learath2> The hope is that when I PR it heinrich will show back up to complete QUIC
22:12 < bridge> <melon> ._.
22:13 < bridge> <learath2> Chat commands would be easy enough to hack in, but it is based on netmsgs natively
22:13 < bridge> <melon> oooh!
22:14 < bridge> <learath2> It has protocol overhead for all the encrypted traffic. `NETMSG_ENCRYPTED` wrapping all encrypted packets
22:14 < bridge> <learath2> It has protocol overhead for all the encrypted traffic. `NETMSG_ENCRYPTED` wrapping all encrypted netmsgs
22:15 < bridge> <kebscs> :deen_star:
22:16 < bridge> <learath2> Idk if I would merge it honestly, but hopefully it'll push the other accounts working group to finish up
22:16 < bridge> <learath2> Just to stop my shitcode from getting in
22:21 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably still necessary for Google Play
22:22 < bridge> <learath2> No dms on android version downloaded from google play
22:23 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably no socials at all if we'd ever want Google Play
22:24 < bridge> <learath2> Fine by me tbh. Doubt we are allowed to advertise the non google-play version at all in there, but I would if possible
22:24 < bridge> <robyt3> No player names, or players need to be able to report then in-game
22:24 < bridge> <robyt3> No player names, or players need to be able to report them in-game
22:25 < bridge> <robyt3> If the Google Play version is so restrictive, I'm questioning whether anyone wants to use it though
22:25 < bridge> <learath2> No player names either is insane lol
22:25 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah maybe fdroid only
22:26 < bridge> <louis> wouldn't it help with general reach
22:26 < bridge> <louis> download google play vers -> play a bit, find it fun -> play on pc on the same account with social features
22:27 < bridge> <learath2> Tbh if we have accounts we can have report username feature
22:28 < bridge> <kebscs> ios?
22:28 < bridge> <kebscs> https://x.com/cormachayden_/status/1963643566443601957
22:28 < bridge> <kebscs> apple users pay for everything
22:28 < bridge> <kebscs> easy donation goal
22:29 < bridge> <blazulite> https://tenor.com/view/cat-scared-gif-27466237
22:29 < bridge> <blazulite> i just know developing for ios is a pain in the ass
22:29 < bridge> <learath2> Ios probably has similar or harsher rules, and we don't have a metal backend
22:30 < bridge> <louis> could try <https://github.com/KhronosGroup/MoltenVK> but developing on ios is generally really finnicky
22:33 < bridge> <vahemaaa> is there any console client that i can use on Termux?
22:35 < bridge> <melon> IIRC apple was more forgiving than google's app store and that its more about the fact that you have to pay for it and need IOS hardware
22:35 < bridge> <melon> IIRC apple was more forgiving than google's app store and that its more about the fact that you have to pay for it and need apple hardware
22:35 < bridge> <learath2> I think we have issues with it
22:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Such a chillerdragon question to ask
22:36 < bridge> <melon> https://github.com/ChillerDragon/teeworlds-headless-clients
22:37 < bridge> <vahemaaa> thanks meloni
22:44 < bridge> <louis> did someone try porting it already?
22:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It would work except for clipping issues
22:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Which we don't have on ddnet-rs. So either sdl bug or we misuse it somewhere
22:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It already does work*
22:49 < bridge> <louis> oh nice
23:02 < bridge> <totar> Some apps are obviously exempt from the rules though like browsers, how does it work for them?
23:02 < bridge> <totar> (meant to reply to this)
23:33 < bridge> <robyt3> I assume because they are web browsers, special rules apply to them.
23:34 < bridge> <robyt3> You can't advertise a browser as something that shows NSFW etc. I guess
23:35 < bridge> <blazulite> Tbh an in-game player report thing doesnt seem much hard to do
23:35 < bridge> <blazulite> Restrictions like cooldowns n stuff could be done server-side
23:35 < bridge> <blazulite> Could make it automatically attach the last 30 seconds of demo maybe
23:36 < bridge> <robyt3> We can't store all that data. I assume cooldowns go against Google's guidelines. If the reviewer doesn't like it, it's banned.
23:37 < bridge> <blazulite> Oh damn
23:38 < bridge> <blazulite> Maybe sending the thing thru a webhook directly to the place where all the reports go?
23:38 < bridge> <blazulite> Idk
23:38 < bridge> <blazulite> Maybe sending the thing thru a Discord webhook directly to the place where all the reports go?
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i was planning going off on my own, but i guess that woke you up to attempt to wake someone else up
23:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> netmsg/chatcmd logins are great if they are encrypted and even greater if the accounts can be made cross erver
23:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ~~stop using discord for moderation~~
23:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> more code to interact with discord for moderation
23:50 < bridge> <blazulite> I don't think it's wrong, only the fact that users need to have a Discord account to create tickets
23:50 < bridge> <blazulite> but for internal purposes I don't think it's wrong at all
23:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> discord too slow x-x
