00:35 < bridge> <japondiy> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1420165850413142178/1420166125379125320/image.png?ex=68d46845&is=68d316c5&hm=fca037a843631028942fff969a7f15aa80682115199861588e237c30d4a5f312&
00:35 < bridge> <japondiy> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1420165850413142178/1420167419569115166/image.png?ex=68d4697a&is=68d317fa&hm=f09e56cab8f9aa1eae3d0c2ab930f72f9d2b2497ad121b63efd90d571df96dbe&
00:35 < bridge> <japondiy> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1420165850413142178/1420166035209850990/image.png?ex=68d46830&is=68d316b0&hm=6a38489d28ba64bfde78d25458d5ec7fe0334569e43e728537ae0272700f71be&=&format=webp&quality=lossless
00:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @japondiy hange your password, youve been hacekd
01:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @essigautomat im getting reserve error on some players
01:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `    vLineSegments.reserve(HookLength / HookSpeed + 1);`
08:42 < bridge> <Assa> yeah easy with jank physivs :/
08:42 < bridge> <Assa> My PR should fix this
08:59 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> kk
09:00 < bridge> <Assa> so I probably added a bug with this reserve in the current master üôÅ
09:01 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it was my suggestion lmao
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> This is the current buglist for the hookline:
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> ```
09:02 < bridge> <Assa>  dont skip telehooks with none or invalid telehooks
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> invent a new color for multiple teleouts but stop creating new line segments
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> improve performance of very very long hook collision lines outside the map
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> fix collision line beeing too long
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> fix low hook_fire_speed causing hook and hook line not to match
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> fix teleout start position
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> fix the hook collision line trying to support invalid client IDs (like -1) but actually doesn't
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> fix possible overflow in the vector reserve
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> ```
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> lmao xD
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> This is the current buglist for the hookline:
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> ```
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - dont skip telehooks with none or invalid telehooks
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - invent a new color for multiple teleouts but stop creating new line segments
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - improve performance of very very long hook collision lines outside the map
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - fix collision line beeing too long
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - fix low hook_fire_speed causing hook and hook line not to match
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - fix teleout start position
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - fix the hook collision line trying to support invalid client IDs (like -1) but actually doesn't
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> - fix possible overflow in the vector reserve
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> ```
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:02 < bridge> <Assa> lmao xD
09:02 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think mine is an underflow
09:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it happens with normal tunes
09:03 < bridge> <Assa> with normal tunes?
09:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yis
09:03 < bridge> <Assa> huh?
09:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how hook length / hook speed + 1 somehow becomes invalid is very confusing
09:03 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im not... sure how
09:04 < bridge> <Assa> the new code doesn't reserver anything, because you only have 1 line in the easy case, 2 lines in the average case
09:04 < bridge> <Assa> instead of 1 line per simulated hook tick
09:05 < bridge> <Assa> idk how to convince a maintainer that merging my PR is a good idea, maybe I need to roll a good diplomacy
09:05 < bridge> <Assa> /r 20
09:06 < bridge> <Assa> !roll 20
09:06 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @essigautomat i would split it into 50 prs
09:06 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> while im waiting for that might try to remove the reserve
09:08 < bridge> <Assa> I wouldn't split it up like that, seems pointless to me, this is one feature which needs a full overhaul and I don't want to create a PR for every fix and 80 LOC is still reviewable
09:08 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i wish you good luck ¬Ø\_(„ÉÑ)_/¬Ø
09:26 < bridge> <Assa> for you solly
10:17 < bridge> <Assa> I got invited on github to some scam repo, this was already deleted, now I have an invisible undeletable urneadable notification üôÅ
10:17 < bridge> <Assa> thanks github
10:18 < bridge> <tsfreddie> sorry
10:19 < bridge> <tsfreddie> i reported that one and it got deleted in 7 minutes
10:19 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :justatest:
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> don't be sorry about that, fuck those scam repos, delete them as fast as possible
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> but github should clean the inboxes
10:21 < bridge> <tsfreddie> my inbox is fine tho. i can still see the notification after the org is deleted
10:21 < bridge> <tsfreddie> weird
10:23 < bridge> <Assa> Even the bulk action marking everything as done didn't work
10:25 < bridge> <tsfreddie> github gore
10:26 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** am i stupid or does gh weird stuff?
10:26 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i got a notification email from this https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10984#pullrequestreview-3261165960
10:26 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** why?
10:26 < bridge> <tsfreddie> you influenced it too hard\
10:27 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** is there any chance gh parses the string "maybe someone else can weigh in on that" to send out notifications? xd
10:27 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** ah souly pinged me here
10:27 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10984#discussion_r2373514727
10:27 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** mystery solved
10:27 < bridge> <tsfreddie> github influencer don't know how to github
10:28 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** fr
10:30 < bridge> <Assa> did you ever try to submit a bug report to github? It's so bad üíÄ
10:31 < bridge> <Assa> they didn't even get the reporting website right
10:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> For me it worked well, bug was fixed in less than a week too.
10:35 < bridge> <Assa> The submit button is hidden behind a footer on their bugreport page
10:35 < bridge> <Assa> so I reported the bugreport page now as well.
10:44 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i requested a feature once i think it was ok. They even added the feature.
10:45 < bridge> <Assa> should I send a screenshot?
10:45 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** this is also a wild place btw https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions
10:45 < bridge> <Assa> Maybe I have really bad timing and an intern changed the bugpage in prod
10:45 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/174568
10:45 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** what the 
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> The submit button is missing, and I needed to set display: None in order to submit my bugreport
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420330853145509959/Unbenannt.png?ex=68d501af&is=68d3b02f&hm=d4be7a9fd8f96a681f68deb1d3524712ff815da3aec086f95b6123b2fc717fd2&
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> The submit button is missing, and I needed to set display: None on the footer in order to submit my bugreport
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420330853145509959/Unbenannt.png?ex=68d501af&is=68d3b02f&hm=d4be7a9fd8f96a681f68deb1d3524712ff815da3aec086f95b6123b2fc717fd2&
10:49 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** oh true same here
10:49 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** but its a developer platform
10:49 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** basic web dev as captcha is totally fair
10:50 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** probably helps with all the playwright bug spammers
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> this is also what I _assume_ but idk, you can be a developer without beeing a web developer
10:50 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** yes
10:50 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** but web is easy
10:50 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** so if you are dev you can be web dev if you want to
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> imagine you'd need to write a report on your phone, i don't even know how to open or navigate the console there, maybe they have a special working phone page?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> gonna test that
10:51 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** nah if thats a captcha that would be hilarious xd i would love it and i would do such shenanigans my self. But i think front end is just hard and the unpaid intern had to do the bug report page
10:52 < bridge> <Assa> it works for displays < 1000 pixels, maybe it's actually a captcha of some sort
10:52 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** that would be funny af
10:53 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i mean it probably works
10:53 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** oh 
10:53 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** not only captcha
10:53 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** also noob filter
10:53 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i imagine this filters out some confused bug reports too
10:54 < bridge> <Assa> maybe it's a dev filter and you can skip a few filter steps against spam, on the other side a bot doesn't care about weblayer and would still be able to spam reports
10:54 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** depends on the bot
10:55 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** web is so complex most just render a full page
10:55 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** and simulate mouse clicks
10:56 < bridge> <Assa> you'd still need to spam check
10:57 < bridge> <Assa> at work we have a filter for steel mills in china üòÑ
10:59 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** watfak?
10:59 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** what does that even mean
11:00 < bridge> <Assa> idk and idc, straight into dev/null
11:17 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon can we merge #10986 should be really free
11:17 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10986
11:44 < bridge> <Assa> !ping
11:45 < bridge> <qxdfox> pong
11:45 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** !ping
11:45 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** omagawd where chilerbot
11:46 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** oh rite it died cuz irc failed to connect
12:22 < bridge> <Assa> Robyt has questions about it, me honestly too
12:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I'm scared
12:35 < bridge> <pilonpl> If everything worked perfectly developers would have nothing to do
12:36 < bridge> <Assa> except creating new things that work perfectly
12:53 < bridge> <tsfreddie> @0xdeen https://ddnet.org/releases/maps.json has two 2025 maps for some reason
12:54 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** drunk json
12:54 < bridge> <Assa> github support actually already answered, and gave me a command for the github cli, which will mark phantom messages as read, but will still leave the message count wrong <.< cool ig
12:55 < bridge> <Assa> they have two different release days ü§î
12:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> we released it twice
12:56 < bridge> <tsfreddie> :PepePopcorn:
12:56 < bridge> <Assa> xD
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> they have two different release dates ü§î
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> got the leaderboards get wiped in between?
12:57 < bridge> <Assa> depending on that answer I'd remove the first or the second entry
13:09 < bridge> <0xdeen> Oh, I did accidentally release it twice üòÑ
13:10 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 when merge some rcon prs
13:34 < bridge> <0xdeen> fixed
14:04 < bridge> <robyt3> ChillerDragon: What was the issue with https://github.com/ChillerDragon/ddnet/commit/17a28b024612049a5f75e527ff2bb4b63ef7d379 ? It causes more changes, but it looks more proper in terms of API usage to me.
14:04 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> It was fucked
14:20 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 it was a mess and in the end it didnt help with casts
14:20 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** because you can not store a `ICommandInfo` pure virtual thing in a vector
14:21 < bridge> <robyt3> But it's a pointer
14:21 < bridge> <robyt3> You are not storing a copy of the command, are you?
14:21 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** it wouldnt let me compile it
14:21 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** yes as pointer i think
14:22 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** the entire thing felt super off
14:22 < bridge> <robyt3> Should work, did you use a const pointer? I'll take a look later
14:22 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i can also look at it again
14:22 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** i was super hungover when i tried it
14:22 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** and its been so long i forgot everything by now
14:37 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** feels like i am violating magnuses vision here
14:37 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** he built this interface with the few clean fields actually needed to describe a command
14:37 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** and then i did this ...
14:37 < ws-client1> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/holymagnus.png
17:44 < bridge> <Assa> I know this is the wrong time to ask, since Google is beeing shit about unsigned apks, but wouldn't it make sense to publish ddnet android version at the [f-droid store](https://f-droid.org/en/) ?
17:52 < bridge> <robyt3> #1207
17:52 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/1207
17:52 < bridge> <robyt3> https://gitlab.com/fdroid/rfp/-/issues/2948
17:52 < bridge> <Assa> how do I keep finding this really old issues üôà
17:53 < bridge> <Assa> I swear I have never seen this issues before
17:53 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't know if we have to address the scanner errors about static libraries, and I don't know how
17:54 < bridge> <robyt3> Other than that, we mostly have to provide a project description and screenshots via Fastlane
18:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Woah @jupeyy_keks was so ready to kick out Persia
18:03 < bridge> <Assa> So what is the current state of this? As far as I can tell it would help to establish fastlane for this. The bot has some errors (which I do not understand?) and we didn't get an answer on the ticket
18:03 < bridge> <Assa> great
18:04 < bridge> <robyt3> The Gradle Wrapper related warnings were fixed
18:04 < bridge> <robyt3> Adding Fastlane would be good. Changelog seems unnecessary though.
18:05 < bridge> <robyt3> After that we could ping the bot to scan again, but I don't know if they want us to avoid any static library
18:06 < bridge> <robyt3> Our build is also not really following the best practices for Android, so they might don't accept building it with script
18:07 < bridge> <robyt3> Our build is also not really following the best practices for Android, so they might not accept building it with script
18:07 < bridge> <Assa> We got no answer so far, like nothing, only the bot automatically answering
18:08 < bridge> <robyt3> We never pinged them back because we didn't fix any issues except the gradle wrapper
18:17 < bridge> <Assa> I'd actually like to reping the bot again, how do I do that?
18:17 < bridge> <robyt3> I think we should first provide a description in fastlane format
18:20 < bridge> <Assa> I see
18:28 < Brap> Hello
18:28 < Brap> Is anyone here
18:29 < bridge> <Assa> no, nobody is here who is sad about Aoe
18:29 < bridge> <Teero> what
18:30 < bridge> <Assa> I am just baiting him in order to spam again here in the chat
18:30 < Brap> Do you know Dune guy
18:31 < bridge> <Assa> you mean the awesome teeworlds developer or that guy from the house atreides?
18:31 < Brap> Teeworlds one yeah
18:31 < Brap> Can you bring him here
18:31 < bridge> <Teero> no
18:31 < Brap> Why
18:31 < bridge> <Teero> because he is not here
18:31 < Brap> Why is that
18:32 < bridge> <Teero> how would i know
18:32 < bridge> <_djev> üëç
18:32 < bridge> <Teero> this is ddnet not teeworlds
18:32 < bridge> <Assa> I can only assume, that after years of teeworlds development, he is not interested anymore after it's now almost dead
18:32 < Brap> _djew fake dune
18:35 < Brap> But he's here lurking somewhere
18:35 < Brap> He's very obsessed with mi, and I just want to talk to him
18:38 < bridge> <Teero> i love gtk casually leaking 600kb for opening a file dialog
18:38 < bridge> <Teero> SUMMARY: AddressSanitizer: 621452 byte(s) leaked in 15660 allocation(s).
18:38 < bridge> <Teero> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16659781/memory-leaks-in-gtk-hello-world-program
18:50 < bridge> <Assa> gradle is pain, why did it install such a historic version
18:54 < bridge> <melon> Dune can be found and contacted through the old ways
18:54 < bridge> <Assa> literally, imagine downloading ddnet today, but you download version 9.0 or something
18:54 < bridge> <melon> Brap is a fake fan if he cant
18:55 < bridge> <Assa> I don't want to contact dune and don't want to tell others without a good reason how to reach him
18:56 < bridge> <melon> same :3
19:12 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 ddnet doesn't contain any gradle files, does it?
19:13 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420458092516216872/image.png?ex=68d57830&is=68d426b0&hm=2bd51604de66b0df74291d53a7d01514d9e0cdcd86df4d769faee86e571defe0&
19:13 < bridge> <Assa> yeah i have done the same, I am not sure what I am searching for right now, I think I have configured something wrong
19:14 < bridge> <Assa> like shouldn't this, to my understanding, compile the android app?
19:14 < bridge> <Assa> ```
19:14 < bridge> <Assa> $bundle exec fastlane test
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [‚úî] üöÄ 
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: ------------------------------
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: --- Step: default_platform ---
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: ------------------------------
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: Driving the lane 'android test' üöÄ
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: ------------------
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: --- Step: test ---
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: ------------------
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:53]: $ /home/marvin/funspace/ddnet/gradlew test -p .
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ Reusing configuration cache.
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:compileDebugCpp UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:compileTestCpp UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:relocateMainForTest UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:linkTest UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:installTest UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:runTest UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ > Task :app:test UP-TO-DATE
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ BUILD SUCCESSFUL in 751ms
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ 6 actionable tasks: 6 up-to-date
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> [19:10:54]: ‚ñ∏ Configuration cache entry reused.
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> 
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> +---------------------------------------+
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> |           fastlane summary            |
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> +------+------------------+-------------+
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> | Step | Action           | Time (in s) |
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> +------+------------------+-------------+
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> | 1    | default_platform | 0           |
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> | 2    | test             | 0           |
19:17 < bridge> <melon> `android test` doesnt sound like its compiling something
19:17 < bridge> <melon> but yeah, guess we just wait for roby, not familiar with it either :p
19:18 < bridge> <robyt3> I have no idea what `fastlane` command you are executing. Building for Android is documented in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/tree/686cafa4cff39e1eef2d8cd854b2a36fd23a3767/scripts/android
19:20 < bridge> <robyt3> We don't use Gradle properly. The entire project isn't a gradle project, it's only being created when building the Android app, with 4 separate build directories for the different architectures of the native build. We then only run gradle at the end to build the Java code and package the app. I think gradle should make it possible to run the cmake native build directly.
19:21 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bloat code
19:22 < bridge> <melon> :Pepega:
19:30 < bridge> <Assa> this already helped a lot, we need to setup fastlane in scripts/android/files :justatest:
19:30 < bridge> <robyt3> But you can't build from inside that folder
19:31 < bridge> <robyt3> I thought we only need some meta data, or are they expecting the app to be buildable with fastlane
19:36 < bridge> <Assa> I can't tell for sure, but it honestly looks like it: fastlane test tries to build the app and the failed build so far asked me for TW_VERSION_NAME which is documented as environment variable I should set for building
19:37 < bridge> <Assa> I can't tell for sure, but it honestly looks like it: `fastlane test` tries to build the app and the failed build so far asked me for TW_VERSION_NAME which is documented as environment variable I should set for building
19:42 < bridge> <robyt3> It's not possible to build the app like that
19:43 < bridge> <robyt3> The proper environment variable are set in `cmake_android.sh`, which also runs the cmake build. Running gradle alone doesn't compile any C++ code.
19:43 < bridge> <robyt3> The proper environment variables are set in `cmake_android.sh`, which also runs the cmake build. Running gradle alone doesn't compile any C++ code.
19:43 < bridge> <Assa> it runs `./gradlew test -p .` in the background
19:44 < bridge> <Assa> which may work but doesn't accept my environment variables
19:46 < bridge> <robyt3> Why do we need to run fastlane though? It's only meta data that we should add
19:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> can you imagine i wrote that shit script without ai.. damn good old days
19:48 < bridge> <melon> u old
19:51 < bridge> <Assa> you are probably right
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> > Fastlane was not found in your repo!Without Fastlane, it is not possible to have app screenshots and the app description cannot be updated without going through the F-Droid team, causing unnecessary delays.It is very strongly recommended to establish Fastlane in your repo.
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> 
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> This explanation by the bot is now clear to me: If you setup fastline, you can update **and upload** images, screenshots, the app icon and the app itself by yourself
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> > Fastlane was not found in your repo!Without Fastlane, it is not possible to have app screenshots and the app description cannot be updated without going through the F-Droid team, causing unnecessary delays.It is very strongly recommended to establish Fastlane in your repo.
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> 
19:59 < bridge> <Assa> This explanation by the bot is now clear to me: If you setup fastlane, you can update **and upload** images, screenshots, the app icon and the app itself by yourself
20:01 < bridge> <Assa> we can do it by just making PRs against the f-droid-data repository okay I get it now
20:01 < bridge> <Assa> we actually just need the metadata setup
20:02 < bridge> <robyt3> This seems to be the guide for fastlane for F-Droid and IzzyOnDroid: https://gitlab.com/IzzyOnDroid/repo/-/wikis/Fastlane
20:27 < bridge> <Assa> any opinions on this Screenshots?
20:27 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420476800039129106/Screenshot_20250924-202647.png?ex=68d5899c&is=68d4381c&hm=71572f0cbda9a095d0a3d4fe9f44a315ca61893d1ef70f83228dd5a6d14e77db&
20:27 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420476800500367430/Screenshot_20250924-202530.png?ex=68d5899c&is=68d4381c&hm=61b0bcabf7edd6d854b6774f609667f64f8f3b51b310ad58a5e3a684a96137f1&
20:28 < bridge> <Assa> I find it incredibly hard to create proper android screenshots :justatest: i am running out of fingers
20:28 < bridge> <patiga> on the second one there is the android screenshot ui in the bottom left
20:29 < bridge> <Assa> omg ...
20:30 < bridge> <Assa> thank
20:31 < bridge> <patiga> more cosmetic: might be nice to either avoid names all together, or use generic names. also perhaps only vanilla skins and also another skin per screenshot
20:32 < bridge> <Assa> this is why I use twinbop here (our most popular skin)
20:32 < bridge> <Assa> second try
20:32 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420478045101363250/Screenshot_20250924-203108.png?ex=68d58ac5&is=68d43945&hm=cf1cfe8d5ad2d1ca6b97b18491905e64c39c220f113d2edf0d6fb71b311f4931&
20:32 < bridge> <Assa> and I broke it btw
20:32 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420478102793883679/Screenshot_20250924-203128.png?ex=68d58ad2&is=68d43952&hm=cc8fb652d4dd792f1b41d6ff5305bf72a9ca6a51f8c5af4c518f7ce8c1c27965&
20:33 < bridge> <Assa> is the black bar part of the screenshot?
20:33 < bridge> <patiga> it is
20:33 < bridge> <Assa> (‚ïØ¬∞‚ñ°¬∞)‚ïØÔ∏µ ‚îª‚îÅ‚îª
20:34 < bridge> <Assa> idk I hate the linear screenshot, tutorial is fine for now
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> I'd vote for
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> ```
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> cl_showchat 0
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> cl_nameplates 0
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> ```
20:36 < bridge> <patiga> or generic names, though I don't know which would be suitable
20:39 < bridge> <robyt3> FWIW you can create the screenshots on desktop by enabling the touch controls there
20:41 < bridge> <robyt3> Screenshots on Android have a black border, probably due to the cutout
20:42 < bridge> <Assa> `android:icon="@mipmap/ic_launcher"` does anyone know where I can find the icon the android app uses?
20:42 < bridge> <robyt3> `others/icons`
20:42 < bridge> <robyt3> `other/icons`
20:43 < bridge> <Assa> :justatest: okay
21:06 < bridge> <robyt3> One filename is misspelled. You can take the long description from https://gitlab.com/fdroid/rfp/-/issues/2948 I don't think it supports any rich text like HTML
21:10 < bridge> <Assa> i fucking new it, i knew something was missspelled with the short description
21:10 < bridge> <Assa> I couldn't find it
21:12 < bridge> <Assa> yes because I misspelled the full description
21:12 < bridge> <Assa> guys my brain is fried
21:13 < bridge> <robyt3> The changes in the .git files look unrelated
21:13 < bridge> <Assa> yes I want to move them out, they are generated by fastlane <.<
21:17 < bridge> <robyt3> It breaks the original `.gitattributes`, and the added entries in `.gitignore` look redundant to me
21:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420489517202276495/image.png?ex=68d59574&is=68d443f4&hm=f5a631eb7a2114f89f0d10ff31d04b874b13260ba4387f239e41ab9396f713da&
21:32 < bridge> <Assa> yeah I removed them already, I wanted to do this before submitting, but here we are :justatest:
21:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> best name is one that fits to what it does
21:50 < bridge> <Assa> what does a Jupstar?
21:50 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It does not what it is named after
21:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I am not shining like a star
21:51 < bridge> <Assa> are you shining bright like a diamond?
21:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> don't phunk with my heart
21:52 < bridge> <Assa> I already went into the silent-corner üôÅ
21:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> don't forget your umbrella
21:53 < bridge> <soulyvevo> where do you find all of those rust memes lmao
21:54 < bridge> <Assa> I can throw a million of them at you alone from reddit
21:56 < bridge> <Teero> i think `Teero` is a very generic name
21:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Tee romania
21:57 < bridge> <Teero> fake android screenshots lets go xD
21:57 < bridge> <Assa> heinrich forced me to remove them anyways
22:03 < bridge> <kebscs> :feelsbadman:
22:37 < bridge> <kebscs> do mods have access to `set_team_ddr`?
22:37 < bridge> <kebscs> completely broken command for idk how long and noone noticed
22:37 < bridge> <0xdeen> not on ddnet
22:37 < bridge> <kebscs> makes sense
22:37 < bridge> <0xdeen> i didn't even know that command exists üòÑ
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> same, i wanted to move debug dummies to different teams to test scoreboard rendering
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> and commands just dont work
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> or this
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420509678651183154/image.png?ex=68d5a83b&is=68d456bb&hm=0e30d5741bfd67c0104b66e5412d13f45db8da1c9734f9f97cbc74f3ba31e493&
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> wth is this description
22:38 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
23:05 < bridge> <learath2> Apparently I added it 10 years ago for this https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/a1d2212696cc756a95ff458e96d5991a75ae1679
23:06 < bridge> <learath2> It is basically only ever used for kick votes within teams
23:07 < bridge> <kebscs> hmm i should do a check for team 0 then
23:07 < bridge> <kebscs> ah nvm SetTeamLock already does it
23:08 < bridge> <learath2> #753 damn that is ancient
23:08 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/753
23:08 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
23:08 < bridge> <kebscs> only 753 and version 16.5
23:08 < bridge> <kebscs> now 19.4 and 11k prs
23:10 < bridge> <learath2> That is like 850prs a year damn
23:12 < bridge> <kebscs> 2012-2017 only 753?
23:12 < bridge> <learath2> Even more actually, more than 1100 even
23:13 < bridge> <learath2> I guess so, idk the exact date ddnet forked off of ddrace
23:15 < bridge> <learath2> Oh, I took your 11k figure, but issues and prs share numbers
23:16 < bridge> <kebscs> yea
23:16 < bridge> <kebscs> same for 753
23:16 < bridge> <learath2> 7k prs total, first one was in 2014
23:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @robyt3
23:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1420523805746528316/message.txt?ex=68d5b563&is=68d463e3&hm=096e0c43bbebfec68861a040bc9f244edd0f1f9d3290f205dc321ce002c6680a&
23:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> epic hook length and hook speed optimized out
23:44 < bridge> <Assa> e.g. jank physics :p
23:44 < bridge> <Assa> problem is the vector will still fill up a lot
23:44 < bridge> <robyt3> Isn't this in ghost rendering?
23:45 < bridge> <Assa> which brings me to my pull request, which has a better approach, #10951
23:45 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10951
23:46 < bridge> <Assa> nope #9  CPlayers::RenderHookCollLine
23:46 < bridge> <Assa> nope `#9  CPlayers::RenderHookCollLine`
23:46 < bridge> <robyt3> But before that it's in `CGhost::OnRender`
23:47 < bridge> <Assa> yes, it's the collision line of the ghost üòÆ
23:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> errr
23:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> maybe
23:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> o
23:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @robyt3 if removing the assert fixes it (seems to, ive commented it out and i cant get a crash) can we merge it
23:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cuz assa is going to redo everything
23:52 < bridge> <Assa> has redone everything*
23:53 < bridge> <kebscs> assa pr is nice i approve
23:53 < bridge> <Assa> I am just waiting for a maintainer to review, kebs already did a great job at that
23:53 < bridge> <kebscs> makes the old trash rendering easy to understand too
23:53 < bridge> <kebscs> compared to the old trash rendering, its easy to understand
23:54 < bridge> <Assa> yes, at first I was like "why do you segment that at all", I reverse enginnered the hook in the end and then understood, that it's simulating hook ticks
23:54 < bridge> <Assa> like the code is basically a trimmed down version of the hook in gamecore.cpp
23:55 < bridge> <Assa> and why is it done like that? because it accumlates quantization errors that you can't calculate directly
23:56 < bridge> <robyt3> You mean reserve not assert? I guess I can review the full PR tomorrow
23:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yes
23:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but like temporarily so i dont crash on nightly
23:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i doubt it will be merged tmrow even if u review it
23:57 < bridge> <Assa> yes, basically it reserves memory depending on tuning values, and with jank values it crashes/reserves waaay too much
23:57 < bridge> <Assa> and it was introduced by me in a cleanup PR because sb else requested it
