00:00 < bridge> <Assa> WTF the longer I test it the worse it gets
00:00 < bridge> <Teero> @essigautomat do you finally get why I always say ddnet physics are shit?
00:04 < bridge> <Assa> I already know of 7 bugs in this function alone
00:04 < bridge> <Assa> SEVEN
00:04 < bridge> <Assa> why does the hook direction get imprecise with smaller fire speed?
00:05 < bridge> <Assa> this doesn't make sense, even the gamecore says it should just point to the player target position
00:22 < bridge> <Teero> Hookpos gets quantized, remember?
00:23 < bridge> <Teero> So it might go to pos 1.5,2.9 at one  tick and the next tick it starts at 1,3
00:24 < bridge> <Teero> well I'm not sure right now I'd have to check but I'm in bed
00:24 < bridge> <Assa> you are right, direction is also quantized
00:28 < bridge> <Ewan> You can absolutely find out but most of the shell dialogs don't say
00:33 < bridge> <Assa> I actually managed to fix the quantization issue with my approach :justatest:
00:43 < bridge> <Ewan> hello??
00:43 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418366814240505947/image.png?ex=68cddc88&is=68cc8b08&hm=fe114ddb6cb6b9d69b86985d18ef4c729e089d9dec135155d5c975b041e1d182&
00:44 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418367130398625872/test-hook-line_2025-09-19_00-42-25.mp4?ex=68cddcd3&is=68cc8b53&hm=9abcbbe93a8351bae6904277ce042e2e7d51cd8f28965bb247e4725c2354c802&
00:44 < bridge> <Assa> This is the worst thing I have ever seen, this is even worse then the speedtile spaghetti
00:49 < bridge> <Assa> wait the hook lenght which is checked in the gamecore isn't even the actual length of the hook
00:49 < bridge> <Assa> it's the distance of the hook to the player core, which is not even a straight line always
00:49 < bridge> <Assa> @teero777 so I heard you wrote matricks a mail?
00:50 < bridge> <Teero> I wanted to xD
00:50 < bridge> <Teero> But I'm still open for roasts if you got any
00:51 < bridge> <Teero> ðŸ˜‚ ðŸ˜‚
00:52 < bridge> <Teero> please don't use ./ before deleting things. I recently I heard someone accidentally put a space in-between and deleted his home dir
00:52 < bridge> <Teero> The ./ Is so useless
00:52 < bridge> <Teero> Just don't
00:52 < bridge> <Ewan> it is not useless
00:53 < bridge> <Teero> what is the difference
00:53 < bridge> <Teero> except with one you can accidentally delete the parent directory if you miss type
00:53 < bridge> <Ewan> disambiguates
00:53 < bridge> <Teero> From what
00:54 < bridge> <Ewan> everything that's not an item in my current directory
00:55 < bridge> <Ewan> nothing else really goes in the place of a directory there but when i use a shell it's easier for me to process what's going on if i know it's a directory beforehand
00:55 < bridge> <Ewan> it's just habit
00:56 < bridge> <pioooooo> you forgot to test changing your aim position before the hook hit the tele
00:56 < bridge> <Teero> okay, just be careful please ðŸ¥º
00:56 < bridge> <Assa> it's 1 in the morning, math brain not working too good
00:56 < bridge> <Assa> 
00:56 < bridge> <Assa> So i have a vector `v1`, and need to add `b * v2`, so that the length of `||v1 + b*v2|| = h`, h is given, I need to calculate b
00:56 < bridge> <Ewan> ok i will
00:56 < bridge> <Ewan> u dont even need rm to fuck up ur home dir anyway
00:56 < bridge> <Teero> h/v2-v1?
00:57 < bridge> <Assa> please if my fix is merged go implement that yourself
00:57 < bridge> <Teero> Ah
00:57 < bridge> <Teero> Length
00:57 < bridge> <Ewan> once years ago i accidentally set up a git repo in my home folder (ran git init in the wrong dir) and months after accidentally ran some super destructive command that i cant remember
00:57 < bridge> <Assa> hook line is instantanious, i don't even know how to fix that one
00:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> nah that's physix changing
00:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> no fix needed
00:57 < bridge> <pioooooo> just somehow hilarious to me
00:59 < bridge> <Teero> I'll fix it in my physics ig. I don't even know if I'll keep the quantization logic in general. Maybe the position only so you can still tower without wall.
01:04 < bridge> <Assa> okay I need the projection of the vector v1 into v2, remove the length of the projection from h, and just calculate b * v2 = h - proj(v1)
01:05 < bridge> <Assa> okay I need the projection of the vector v1 into v2, remove the length of the projection from h, and just calculate `||b * v2|| = h - ||proj(v1)||`
01:19 < bridge> <Assa> and since v2 is normalized, it's just `b = h - ||proj(v1||`
01:19 < bridge> <Assa> brain is braining
03:37 < bridge> <kebscs> @sollybunny wasnt this ready? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10027
06:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> alot of stuff has been moved to other prs
06:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> turns out i didnt rebase
06:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> xd
06:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i will do that but the diff will probably get smaller
07:43 < bridge> <melon> Norming
08:04 < bridge> <blazulite> Norming lemon
08:04 < bridge> <blazulite> hyd
08:27 < bridge> <jxsl13> norming lÃ© mon
08:59 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** morning yellow names and others
09:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> morning
09:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> today im implementing a devfs
09:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> to register devices like linux in the filesystem
09:33 < bridge> <ryozuki> so userland can interact directly
09:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418506585864409179/image.png?ex=68ce5eb4&is=68cd0d34&hm=da4c9ceafa7c7d8a7eee5d1bfeb87a082c8acb2de61a7bbc6bc77b8d03c7aa5a&
09:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
10:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> got a ram based tmp now
10:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418508376383557703/image.png?ex=68ce605f&is=68cd0edf&hm=b009b84380937be93b56dca375f4c671598b352c1c076dda1c0e6ee24855206e&
10:08 < bridge> <Ewan> nice
10:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> also i can now run the kernel using a memfs on root if no root is found
10:16 < bridge> <Ewan> we hit the 5
10:16 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418511089242472589/image.png?ex=68ce62e6&is=68cd1166&hm=f0053c37482d2a10754e4c319de65234611d6513d585a05a7f05de93342e1c35&
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 @robyt3 it has been 3 weeks. Yay or nay? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10793
10:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I have branches with both directions of https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10827 and it breaks my brian
10:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** should i go with this? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10836 or place a callback on every single commandinfo (actually works)
10:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the callbacks then have to be reregistered on ALL commands on change
10:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do we keep `access_level` around now or not? Nobody approved or rejected my approval from 2 weeks ago https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10681#issuecomment-3244454047
10:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** my proposal* onagawd
10:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 do you have time for a call this weekend? I don't want to work on this for another month without any progress
10:50 < bridge> <pilonpl> Literally the best feature, i use it all the time on linux
10:52 < bridge> <robyt3> You mean whether access levels are kept internally? We still need the `access_level` command in configs. According to Learath2 in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10681#issuecomment-3297439444 we don't want real inheritance. So we'd need an alternative way of specifying the rank of each role, like a standardized ordering in the config file, or a separate command to give each rank a number.
10:53 < bridge> <robyt3> You mean whether access levels are kept internally? We still need the `access_level` command in configs. According to Learath2 in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10681#issuecomment-3297439444 we don't want real inheritance. So we'd need an alternative way of specifying the rank of each role, like a standardized ordering in the config file, or a separate command to give each role a number.
10:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 i proposed to increment rank based on the role inherited from with an additional command to manually set a rank
11:04 < bridge> <robyt3> Not sure about rank inheritance. Manual command to set a rank and default based on order in the config file seems less complex to use.
11:10 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes sure both work for me. Even not knowing which of both works for me. Swapping that is not a problem.
11:12 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But I struggle to continue currently with the 3 prs unmerged. And it would be nice to know if we really want two ways of access management at the same time that will conflict. Because that heavily affects how I implement it
11:16 < bridge> <learath2> What do we have conflicting?
11:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: if we keep old and add new
11:20 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Then there are two commands to take and give access
11:21 < bridge> <learath2> Ew :vomit:
11:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The old `access_level` command and the new `role_allow` do the sameish thing
11:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They do conflict
11:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10681#issuecomment-3244454047
11:21 < bridge> <chillerdragon> 17day old comment
11:22 < bridge> <robyt3> I think we should have named roles that are automatically created with the `auth_add` commands. This assigns each role an auto-incremented `int m_Level` within an auth manager. `access_level` works the same way as before but also with named roles. `access_level_copy target_role source_role` copies current access levels from source to target role. `auth_level role level` sets the level of a role manually.
11:22 < bridge> <learath2> If we have to keep old configs fully working, can we maybe make the old command work for both with new optional parameters?
11:22 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: no we canâ€™t because the old one works different than the new
11:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The old syncs instantly onto the command affecting levels below it
11:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The new syncs to the role ignoring inheritance
11:23 < bridge> <learath2> Noo, that can't be right, really??
11:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes
11:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> If you give helper access to kick the moderator has it too
11:24 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Instantly
11:25 < bridge> <learath2> Ok if we have to keep those working I guess we just go full dynamic inheritence
11:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @robyt3: i canâ€™t make much sense of your statement sorry.
11:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @learath2: so new is instant too then?
11:26 < bridge> <chillerdragon> And config order doesnâ€™t matter anymore?
11:27 < bridge> <learath2> I guess, no other way to keep that behaviour without having to keep 2 different auth systems
11:27 < bridge> <robyt3> I think you still need some way to define which roles are important enough for features like reserved slots
11:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @robyt3: ignore ranks for a second. The question is just if we keep two ways of granting access to commands or not
11:27 < bridge> <robyt3> Having two systems seems to complex
11:27 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Thatâ€™s a different, I would say simpler problem for later
11:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So delete the old and break configs? @robyt3
11:30 < bridge> <robyt3> Don't break configs, probably
11:30 < bridge> <chillerdragon> So then donâ€™t do the new? And close the issue and reject my entire proposal?
11:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Or bend the new to work like the old.
11:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Which doesnâ€™t work
11:31 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Because my proposal specifically is about having roles that do not inherit from others while also not being the lowest
11:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Guys we need a vc meeting
11:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I come with pitchdeck
11:32 < bridge> <chillerdragon> We solve this in 30 minutes instead of 30 months
11:41 < bridge> <Ewan> How can we tell progress is being made if we don't have to click on "load more messages" 5 times to get the full scope of the GitHub issue
11:42 < bridge> <learath2> I tried to help you with your proposal, but it got caught by the you can't break configs committee, it's joever
12:11 < bridge> <learath2> I love how heinrich doesn't care at all about how it looks to do these things
12:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> wdym
12:29 < bridge> <learath2> That feature was requested by mods, they already think we don't care about their stuff. It looks bad to remove the one thing we added for them in the last couple years
12:32 < bridge> <totar> I don't understand why showing broadcasts send to the dummy is a bad thing
12:32 < bridge> <totar> that sounds like a logical fix and something that you'd want anyway
12:32 < bridge> <learath2> I think it was breaking some mods, though refer to the issue
12:32 < bridge> <totar> oh I thought he meant break moderator use cases
12:33 < bridge> <totar> not game mods lol
12:33 < bridge> <totar> I can see how that could happen if the server is using broadcast to display information constantly
12:35 < bridge> <robyt3> So we should add a command like `moderator_alert victim message` which is shown more prominently with broadcasts being hidden while it's shown?
12:38 < bridge> <totar> might be nice to make a more flexible broadcast that servers can use while you're at it, like with text positioning. Since they'll abuse this moderator alert for other things anyway. but that might be out of scope
12:39 < bridge> <totar> might be nice to make a more flexible broadcast that servers can use while you're at it, like with text positioning. Since they'll abuse this moderator alert for other things anyway. but that might be too far out of scope
12:39 < bridge> <melon> sending a broadcast with 400 white spaces to align it to the left/right is considered a feature at this point :nouis:
12:39 < bridge> <melon> sending a broadcast with 400 whitespaces to align it to the left/right is considered a feature at this point :nouis:
12:39 < bridge> <totar> really? that doesn't break on different aspect ratios?
12:40 < bridge> <totar> duplicate!
12:42 < bridge> <melon> :kyaruXD:
12:43 < bridge> <robyt3> The best way to address the need for moderator alerts is to make them a real feature. Adding custom messages boxes would also be nice, for better display of information like `/rules`, but I think that's out of scope for this. Moderator alerts would explicitly be high priority and would hide other information, which would be different from these custom messages boxes.
12:44 < bridge> <totar> I mean, "moderator alert" could be a flag on a regular broadcast to give it priority.
12:45 < bridge> <tsfreddie> I really struggle to distinguish mods and mods in these convos tbh
12:46 < bridge> <kebscs> I thought my pr fixed the broadcsst pretty well
12:46 < bridge> <kebscs> Not sure why suddenly revert after I finished it
12:46 < bridge> <totar> which pr
12:47 < bridge> <totar> I kinda agree that it breaks game mods to have dummy and main player fight for a single broadcast slot
12:47 < bridge> <totar> if they displayed seperately that might work but it would probably still be annoying in some game mods
12:47 < bridge> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10843
12:49 < bridge> <kebscs> Server can't tell which player is a dummy or active so this would work perfectly fine imo
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs if you want, you can take a look at #10951 which fixes the teleoutput bug
13:45 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10951
13:45 < bridge> <Assa> this hook line was a huge pain, you can't get arround simulating hook ticks
13:46 < bridge> <Assa> Needing to reverse enginner the gamecore for this <.<
13:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 ok heino said we go full backcompat and full dynamic. Seems possible. Go merge https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10793 and i start cooking up next smol step follow up pr
13:59 < bridge> <learath2> I'm not touching that until tomorrow when I have more time. The backcompatmafia is involved now, everything is big serious
14:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok tomorrow works as well
14:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this pr is not doing any backcompat decisions btw
14:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10959/commits/0bc8ae58b8d516bfc00b83183672b2767fc463b4#diff-05e9403d9c408939363bea2924ab2861f2fcef00ae2c24c36b91821094389f93R76
14:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 robsi did you mean to type "linker" or is it the "linked" program?
14:01 < bridge> <Assa> he means linker, this is a typo
14:01 < bridge> <Assa> because the upper case the linker DID return something
14:02 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** assa the mentalist reading robsis thoughts
14:02 < bridge> <robyt3> ah yeah, now I see it, it's a typo
14:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10954 sounds really cool btw ðŸš€
14:04 < bridge> <ryozuki> ðŸš€
14:04 < bridge> <Assa> can be easy to "read sb thoughts" if you understand what they are trying to do ðŸ§ 
14:04 < bridge> <robyt3> It doesn't play the demo separate from ingame though, it only allows you to browse demos while ingame, but then you get disconnected
14:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** yes i am aware
14:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** still cool
14:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** imagine souly casually wipping out in game demo player xd
14:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.tomshardware.com/pc-components/cpus/nvidia-and-intel-announce-jointly-developed-intel-x86-rtx-socs-for-pcs-with-nvidia-graphics-also-custom-nvidia-data-center-x86-processors-nvidia-buys-usd5-billion-in-intel-stock-in-seismic-deal
14:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 nvidia buys 5 billion intel stock
14:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> tf?
14:24 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, I wonder if I should follow that trade
14:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> The products include x86 Intel CPUs tightly fused with an Nvidia RTX graphics chiplet for the consumer gaming PC market, named the 'Intel x86 RTX SOCs.' Nvidia will also have Intel build custom x86 data center CPUs for its AI products for hyperscale and enterprise customers. Additionally, Nvidia will buy $5 billion in Intel common stock at $23.28 per share, representing a roughly 5% ownership stake in Intel. (Intel stock is now up 33% in premarket 
14:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> amd is better imho
14:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> but direct competitor
14:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=45288161
16:05 < bridge> <Assa> where does this change come from? do I need virtual here or not if I use override?
16:05 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418598920539476070/Unbenannt.png?ex=68ceb4b2&is=68cd6332&hm=39819f896455d70793fb0982664233255ca118d0ff22e8f0c6349da088c35d15&
16:11 < bridge> <Assa> hmm prolly not
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> Having both is redundant
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> Use override only
16:29 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 may I ask you to take a look at  #10732 ?
16:29 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10732
16:29 < bridge> <Assa> I need to keep maintaining it until it's merged or declined
16:31 < bridge> <peter0x44> RIP Intel ARC
16:36 < bridge> <peter0x44> though who knows maybe they will still try nvidia doesn't care about the low end market much
16:45 < bridge> <faffa81> is it possible to add mp4 implementation to ddnet?
16:46 < bridge> <Assa> possible yes, but as far as I remember you'd need a license
16:47 < bridge> <Assa> no I am talking bullshit, ddnet already uses mp4, you can render demos in it
16:49 < bridge> <faffa81> i meant mp3
16:49 < bridge> <faffa81> wtf am i talking ik mp4 exist
16:50 < bridge> <faffa81> so because i might wanna implement a feature in my client that allows the easier changing between soundpacks but i also want more possibility
16:50 < bridge> <faffa81> like for the assets
16:51 < bridge> <learath2> Which makes our binary releases GPL btw
16:51 < bridge> <robyt3> > I don't think we should add more image/sound format decoders to the client. Too much work for only a minor improvement to convenience.
16:51 < bridge> <robyt3> #7298
16:51 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7298
16:53 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder if it's make sense to add a converter stand alone ðŸ¤”
16:54 < bridge> <Assa> this would have the benefit of allowing it it's own license
18:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> chiller
18:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> dragon
18:31 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> chillerdragon
18:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** a
18:40 < bridge> <mov_rax> Lol
18:41 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> chiller
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** im gonan crashout my nuts in https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10827 aj0d
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Jupeyy watisit?
18:41 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> can you quickly come element?
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omg
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** ok
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** launching the electron
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its still loading
18:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxD
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
19:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://librepcb.org/blog/2025-09-12_preview_of_next_gen_ui/
19:23 < bridge> <melon> i
19:23 < bridge> <melon> eh
19:23 < bridge> <melon> help?
19:29 < bridge> <melon> ChillerDragon: reopen it :(
19:42 < bridge> <always> we getting accounts in 2030 at this rate
19:47 < bridge> <always> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418654779894136952/waterfox_Ponmj45w81.png?ex=68cee8b8&is=68cd9738&hm=13e926a97469d9f2337c6512a012b92ca17643f5a1110433ecf562bc92026038&
19:49 < bridge> <Skeith> Guys, why not just use QUIC
19:49 < bridge> <tsfreddie> Guys, why not just use QUIC
20:14 < bridge> <pilonpl> What do other games use?
20:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418663731784581140/image.png?ex=68cef10f&is=68cd9f8f&hm=870ef3c10915eb8c8d26eebaa9ade56af31f622f71d8d0f010722d11197af600&
20:27 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nice quote
20:34 < bridge> <Ewan> is it new pfp season already
20:38 < bridge> <melon> @jupeyy_keks what the hell made you do that
20:38 < bridge> <melon> 
20:38 < bridge> <melon> From u128 to u64 from time to nano back to time divided by.. 4 :OMEGALUL:
20:39 < bridge> <melon> could've been my code
20:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @avolicious aaa
20:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.e262df5b-a9d5-4a1f-a9e0-99496fa13a66.png
20:42 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> it slows down the time to 25%
20:42 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> i know i can just do mul_f64
20:42 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> or smth
20:42 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> but dunno
20:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** that one hurt
20:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> i dont trust floats
20:43 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> xDD
20:43 < bridge> <melon> :OMEGALUL:
20:43 < bridge> <Ewan> integer math >
20:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 @jupeyy_keks @milkeeycat  found something interesting https://fil-c.org/
20:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> Fil-C is a fanatically compatible memory-safe implementation of C and C++. Lots of software compiles and runs with Fil-C with zero or minimal changes. All memory safety errors are caught as Fil-C panics. Fil-C achieves this using a combination of concurrent garbage collection and invisible capabilities (InvisiCaps). Every possibly-unsafe C and C++ operation is checked. Fil-C has no unsafe escape hatch of any kind.
21:01 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> @ryozuki no way you not anime girl anymore? you not girl anymore?
21:01 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> what did your gf do to you
21:01 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> so this is kinda a sanitizer?
21:22 < bridge> <kebscs> :kek:
21:22 < bridge> <kebscs> So no accounts?
21:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> wasnt that clear xddd
21:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 
21:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> maybe learath finishes his chat cmd account system in 10 years
21:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> just so that some maintainers decline that
21:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> But I ensure you it's not me. Idc anymore
21:25 < bridge> <kebscs> But quic
21:25 < bridge> <kebscs> The mighty quic
21:28 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> it died quic kly
21:29 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i see what you did there
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> There is `checked_div`
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> honestly didn't know, but good to know
21:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> makes it defs cleaner
21:36 < bridge> <Skeith> ðŸ“‰
21:36 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> @sollybunny can you please tell me which of the scrollbars this is about?
21:36 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet-rs/issues/141
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Yes I can would you like me to tell you
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Jup: yes
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Good to know
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Jup: ):
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> :)
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Uhh map download and convert for DDNet maps
21:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Iirc
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> The box also changes sizes which is a bit weird
21:38 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> what kind of AI monologue was that?
21:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Its my internal monologue and ai would never write that
21:38 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> yeah that mf was annoying
21:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @patiga remember when we talked about pessimistic phyiscs? I just thought its so joever that i even manually selected the sorry emote and somehow still recovered from that imaginary fail xd
21:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://tube.zillyhuhn.com/video.php?t=pessimistic_brain_physics.mp4&u=chiller
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon can't see town hall cringe.
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/SollyBunny/ddnet-custom-communities
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> You should make pr to this
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** pr wat
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Your servers as a community
21:40 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** how many communities can i have?
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Uhh
21:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Why do you want multiple
21:41 < bridge> <Ewan> i think the communities are evaluated on their own by player count right
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.38984bcf-3562-40af-bddd-284fd84afcb3.png
21:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Communities are evaluated on my ass
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also why would i contribute to github.com/SollyBunny xd
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** where org
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this is not community communities
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this is solly communities
21:41 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** xd
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I am not a member of DDNet org
21:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** then create new org
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> This being part of it would mean supervision which I don't want
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I already have an org
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Can I have multiple idk
21:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** thats bs
21:42 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i create new orgs daily
21:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I think you should not
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> There's no pt if there's one thing in them
21:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** you can also send it to my org
21:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** if u want
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Which one
21:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet-community
21:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> GitHub will redirect the old URL as long as I don't make another repo of the same name
21:43 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** this should be fixed now
21:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** before ppl need to update urls because the move was messy
21:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Hello plz reread
21:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which one?
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> GitHub will redirect the old URL as long as I don't make another repo of the same name
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** github redirects only work if it was moved properly
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and its still ugly
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> "moved properly"?
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** moved
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** not copied
21:45 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** which means you need write access to the target org
21:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I see
21:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Well I am unable to be at computer right now
21:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> So that'll have to wait
21:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** well anyways i think its huge trol to even consider taking something serious which is in a private account
21:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its the opposite of community
21:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Why is a org any different from a user account
21:47 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** do u want to end up like tater client?
21:47 < bridge> <robyt3> This defeats the purpose of communities; wait like 1-2 weeks until the official rules are finalized
21:47 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> My wanted rules will be different from yours most likely
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I don't care about player count, you can take which ones you want
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) it signales something different imo. As if these were "your" communities
21:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** as in solly communities
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Well I'm not opposed to moving them I just can't rn
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Also wdym end up like tater
21:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Well I'm not opposed to moving them I just can't rn (unless I can do it via mobile xD)
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) i am violating basically ALL of your requirements btw xd
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Does it look like I care
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** no
21:49 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Except master server and DDNet rules
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** my /rules
21:49 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** are bencie
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Uhh
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Bencie is DDNet mod
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** u know?
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** cuz
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> So its fine
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** bencie rules
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** and ddnet rules are "be nice"
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @bencie. Do you concur?
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I don't think we use "be nice"
21:50 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** default is "be nice"
21:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> We would have to disable chat to have a facade of following that ðŸ‘»
21:51 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** in the actual official source code
21:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> O
21:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I meant DDNet as in the community
21:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Oops
21:51 < bridge> <bencie> absolutely
21:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Makes cents
21:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/df562a63667547d1a10028c93b2a2614052f119c/src/game/server/ddracechat.cpp#L245
21:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I believe you xd
21:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** on any out of the box ddnet server it says "Be nice."
21:52 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i always call "bencie" "be nice" cuz his name is literally a typo of that
21:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Woaw
21:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> That's deep
21:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i dont even have a name or logo xd
21:53 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** prolly not gonna pr any time soon
21:54 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** but still think its cool what you are doing :)
21:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Kk
21:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I was unaware of any developments on official custom communities then I started talking about it and then there was and I was like no way I said it first
21:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> But thanks
21:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** clueless souly
21:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Its crazy AWB doesn't get to be a community
21:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its is fr fr
21:55 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** IT IS*
21:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> It is is for real for real
21:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> It is IT IS* for real for real
21:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>**  mafadk
21:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> :D
21:56 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also bbnet got rejected!
21:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** biggest network with acceptable rules
21:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) maybe i send pr for bbnet xd
21:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/BanBansNet/
21:57 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** can i pr for others? xd
21:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we need Ã†ON community
22:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> You can use git blame someone else
22:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Oh you mean pr someone else's community
22:00 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Uhh yeah go for it
23:02 < bridge> <filoqcus> DDNet api dead
23:02 < bridge> <filoqcus> ðŸ˜­
23:03 < bridge> <filoqcus> oh
23:03 < bridge> <filoqcus> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418703984402759863/image.png?ex=68cf168c&is=68cdc50c&hm=123c018da003d61e160450be136e28cb81766bee514e0570e9b2900b9f919fe4&
23:40 < bridge> <learath2> This always happens when there is no one near a computer
23:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Send ssh I can fix
23:46 < bridge> <learath2> It seems to work sometimes. I guess we are finally having real query timeouts
23:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Still better than kog xd
23:47 < bridge> <Ewan> should I pay $60 for a hoodie at cppcon
23:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Their website always goes fully down when I check my points
23:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @mpft: scam
23:47 < bridge> <Ewan> yea
23:47 < bridge> <Ewan> I don't love any of the designs
23:47 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Better get free advertisement hoodies from companies
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> screw that
23:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Itâ€™s c++ its famous for the worst possible design
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> not true
23:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I wouldnâ€™t wear a cppcon hoodie if someone paid me
23:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Better buy golang hoodie
23:48 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Itâ€™s cute
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> currently I'm trying to imagine an appropriate scenario
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> no gopher
23:48 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe a shirt
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> they're all ugly man
23:49 < bridge> <learath2> Show design
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418715549088616559/IMG_9237.jpg?ex=68cf2151&is=68cdcfd1&hm=7c13e46dc4ccf8b4b6a3fdced3e1f3025527f4d879f41c923e74be180654b467&
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> can't get a great pic
23:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I think there was also drama around that golang mascot
23:49 < bridge> <learath2> They all look meh to bad
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> yea
23:49 < bridge> <Ewan> no style
23:49 < bridge> <chillerdragon> They look exactly like I expected it
23:49 < bridge> <learath2> Any interesting talks this year?
23:50 < bridge> <Ewan> I wouldn't know
23:50 < bridge> <Ewan> I hauled ass to get here BCS I was rly late today
23:50 < bridge> <Ewan> the last talk of the day is in 25m
23:50 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> The pullover second from right looks good
23:50 < bridge> <learath2> What is it
23:50 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Bro missed all talks shopping hoodies
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah that's the meh one
23:51 < bridge> <Ewan> it's the best of all them imo
23:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @jupeyy_keks: your taste should be illegal
23:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But no surprise that the KDE enjoyer likes the hoodie
23:51 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> What can go wrong with black lol
23:51 < bridge> <Ewan> the only one I will be here for
23:51 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418716177127047368/IMG_9238.png?ex=68cf21e7&is=68cdd067&hm=5e6aaafbccd3a2cfcd520f832be16e3e79c1d96670ad446c5d43dc0b1417b921&
23:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> His last name
23:51 < bridge> <learath2> Oh you caught matt godbolts talk, nice
23:51 < bridge> <Ewan> ye
23:51 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Sounds like the compiler explorer website
23:52 < bridge> <Ewan> it's his site
23:52 < bridge> <Ewan> he's namn
23:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Oh xd
23:52 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> That's a sick last name
23:52 < bridge> <Ewan> I wanted to see gray and pink but alas
23:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yea better than keks
23:52 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1418716443377143950/IMG_9240.png?ex=68cf2226&is=68cdd0a6&hm=6693a5edf210b84599bfdfa3b5d56235160fe9921e7dc4283da3ba045aa1d001&
23:52 < bridge> <learath2> I kinda doubt its his real name
23:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> SDL3 pog
23:53 < bridge> <Ewan> gray hosts my local meetup and he staged the talk last month but I only saw 1/2 of it virtually
23:53 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> That's not my last name, but yeah my last name is sick too
23:53 < bridge> <Ewan> I'll just watch the vid tho
23:53 < bridge> <Ewan> when they upload it
23:53 < bridge> <Ewan> all main session talks should be recorded
23:53 < bridge> <learath2> If only you caught pink you could finally migrate us
23:53 < bridge> <Ewan> right :feelsbadman:
23:54 < bridge> <Ewan> they made some weird but necessary changes
23:54 < bridge> <Ewan> more than I thought
23:54 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Cring who doesnâ€™t use SDL compat
23:54 < bridge> <learath2> Any raymond chen talks this year?
23:54 < bridge> <Ewan> not afaict
23:54 < bridge> <Ewan> haven't seen the whole schedule
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> syswm event was nuked and they renamed a lot of the surface APIs to include surface in the name
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> renamed a whole lot of stuff
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> u don't have to init SDL image anymore
23:55 < bridge> <Ewan> that's all I can remember from porting a thing of mine the other day
