00:16 < bridge> <.ddnetoyuncusu.> https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1402416870467834038/1403138884493250580/1.png?ex=6896766b&is=689524eb&hm=e16e960a46debea8a8a2393bd50c7e9efedcecc8099393dd9f0491b0802b55ce&=&format=webp&quality=lossless https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1321290397842014310/1397694387185516635/2.png?ex=68874515&is=6885f395&hm=f30faee412225fb2c944d5a37a683af4771e6bbabecbc27e7de147f59e3e00b4&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=741&height=989 htt
00:17 < bridge> <pioooooo> @Discord Mod
00:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> \l bozo
00:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> l bozo
01:48 < bridge> <totar> I think ddnet lacks an active head maintainer who can provide visionary direction to the project.
01:48 < bridge> <totar> 
01:48 < bridge> <totar> Without someone like this every major discussion becomes some kind of weird beurocratic "Ask the players to vote" + "find a maintainer who would support your idea", and then there is no resolution. It would be much more productive if we just trusted one person to settle discussions with a single comment when the time came, both for technical and gameplay related matters but those could be 2 different people in theory. 
01:48 < bridge> <totar> 
01:48 < bridge> <totar> It also doesn't help that the most powerful people dont play the game very much so they lack confidence to speak on behalf of the players to direct the project.
01:48 < bridge> <totar> 
01:48 < bridge> <totar> I don't have any good ideas to solve this except maybe getting enough money to hire a developer part or full-time who can fill this role if we could even find such a person.
01:51 < bridge> <totar> When I look at successful open source games you usually see a single authority figure who contributes both significant code and makes critical decisions in a reasonable time frame so that things can move forward.
02:05 < bridge> <teero777> @totar you can do this if you want
02:05 < bridge> <totar> Except I dont want
02:05 < bridge> <teero777> sadge
02:05 < bridge> <totar> I dont feel qualified and dont have time
02:07 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @totar how much do u play the game anyway?
02:11 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Hello
02:17 < bridge> <totar> Basically none
02:17 < bridge> <totar> I haven't played videos games in general recently
02:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ): hope u get better soon
02:30 < bridge> <louis> thats true, not many of the code maintainers are big players
02:31 < bridge> <louis> murpi is huge pro but idt they do actual game code
02:31 < bridge> <louis> bros already maintaining the second? biggest client
02:33 < bridge> <louis> there are already sorta "head maintainers" for the technical side, not rly for gameplay related changes though. (not like we have any prs that change gameplay anyways, possibly due to the fact it's scary to implement big changes without a centralized roadmap or planner  who can tell you whether it is wanted or not)
02:39 < bridge> <melon> murpi likes to keep himself to that snakey lang, scripts and the discord bot when it comes to coding
02:39 < bridge> <totar> I think even for technical changes we lack any direction. There is no consensus on what the project even wants until you consult the enigmatic collective of "maintainers". Do we want more rust in the project? Should we have back compat? How account, who account, when account? Antibot? Who's resonsible for removing the cheaters? All these things have no clear answer
02:42 < bridge> <totar> in general this seems to lead to always picking the safest action in all possible decisions which has the lowest chance of being regretted, no one wants to take responsibility for a little regret and see it through to the other side.
02:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> account is a go but its stuck behind quic or to go in a different direction
02:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> also accounts destroy backwards compat ðŸ‘€
02:42 < bridge> <louis> regret minimization reference
02:42 < bridge> <louis> was there not a huge discussion on how to make accounts backwards compatible xd
02:43 < bridge> <totar> the answer is always "support every permutation of outcomes" so we need accounts, and the ability to play without accounts, and accounts need to work on servers that aren't ddnet.
02:43 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Hi
02:43 < bridge> <louis> and yeah idk u can usually sniff out the technical wants by averaging the opinion of the maintainers but you have to chronically read gh and discord which is not good
02:44 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Hi
02:44 < bridge> <louis> Hi
02:44 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> United stadets
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> You
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> ðŸ¤”
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> My is in colombia
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Hablo espaÃ±ol
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Soy de LatinoamÃ©rica
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Colombia
02:45 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> BogotÃ¡
02:46 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Soy colombiano
02:46 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> Ustedes de estados unidos
02:46 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> ðŸ‘Œ
02:47 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> My nacionality Is colombia
02:47 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> BogotÃ¡
02:47 < bridge> <totar> Este es el canal #developer. Si no te interesa hablar sobre el desarrollo del juego, puedes ir a otro canal.
02:48 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> What
02:48 < bridge> <alejocacuasaski2.3> :justatest:
02:48 < bridge> <totar> .-.
02:53 < bridge> <louis> tbf this still makes sense for accounts even if we didnt have to support every permutation
02:54 < bridge> <louis> it is a little annoying how we need backwards compatibility even going past major versions
02:55 < bridge> <totar> Idk I think I would just require an account and fallback to something crude for old clients like /login
02:55 < bridge> <louis> i like when games allow guest accounts
02:56 < bridge> <louis> i guess almost all games that have guest accounts no longer support them xd
02:56 < bridge> <louis> i guess almost all games that have had guest accounts no longer support them xd
02:57 < bridge> <totar> we could have a guest player team ig, but 95% of players should just not notice the accounts at all if they play through steam
02:59 < bridge> <totar> I don't think it would be that bad if we started with the simplest implementation and then add guest accounts and 3rd party servers later.
03:00 < bridge> <louis> that's basically dropping all backwards and 0.7 compat, hard to sell
03:02 < bridge> <totar> they can use /login
03:02 < bridge> <totar> there's no other way they're going to get accounts anyway
03:06 < bridge> <louis> hmm i forgot what the conclusion was for the implementation
03:06 < bridge> <louis> are we supporting username password auth?
03:07 < bridge> <totar> no probably not
03:07 < bridge> <totar> don't confuse what I suggest with what ddnet wants
03:07 < bridge> <louis> tbh im pretty sure all the answers are in that long ass github discussion iirc i liked the suggestions there
03:07 < bridge> <totar> the account server is already done, you can just go look at the endpoints
03:08 < bridge> <louis> oh i didn't know
03:08 < bridge> <totar> it's not even a discussion anymore
03:08 < bridge> <totar> accounts work in ddnet-rs for months now xd
03:09 < bridge> <louis> yeah i have a 2 digit user id ðŸ«¡
03:09 < bridge> <totar> hmm
03:09 < bridge> <melon> 2 digit
03:09 < bridge> <melon> L
03:09 < bridge> <totar> lol
03:09 < bridge> <totar> those should probably not be enumerable tbh but idc
03:09 < bridge> <louis> ya it's kinda funny but im gonna feel bad for not having a 1 digit now
03:11 < bridge> <louis> idk. well as far as ddnet implementation im not sure if theres consensus on points etc.
03:11 < bridge> <louis> 
03:11 < bridge> <louis> if i was in charge i'd reset everything and start w a tiny map pool of classics
03:11 < bridge> <totar> why would you change the map pool?
03:11 < bridge> <louis> I guess the technical things are all either decided/done or waiting
03:12 < bridge> <louis> i think there are lots of maps in ddnet that people just play for points
03:12 < bridge> <louis> also it might lessen the shock of resetting points, you no longner have a massive mountain to re-climb in a way
03:13 < bridge> <totar> I think objectively whatever it is about the way ddnet works currently has been succesful and fun for players, which includes the point farming grind.
03:13 < bridge> <totar> The playercounts don't lie
03:13 < bridge> <totar> you'd have to prove that changing that is better than the way it works now which seems like a massive risk
03:14 < bridge> <totar> I think it would be much better to just make the bad maps not worth points, but even that seems risky
03:14 < bridge> <louis> u could always reset map pool to a few hundred and then gradually release more existing maps over time
03:14 < bridge> <louis> 
03:14 < bridge> <louis> personally i wouldn't re finish most of the maps i have already finished
03:14 < bridge> <louis> oh yeah thats what i meant, just keep an archive
03:15 < bridge> <louis> you could even rotate them out if there's ever a concept of seasonal rankpoints. idk just big dreams that only happen if all devs suddenly have 40 hours a day
03:16 < bridge> <totar> the loudest and most consistent request from players is simply accounts, you don't need to change the whole game at the same time
03:17 < bridge> <pioooooo> Accounts to ban cheaters
03:17 < bridge> <louis> yeah but what does accounts solve by itself xd other then helping cheaters
03:17 < bridge> <louis> u need the aspects of progression and all the other benefits that are made possible by it
03:18 < bridge> <totar> I haven't seen that in the requests
03:18 < bridge> <totar> they just want accounts
03:18 < bridge> <totar> literally even if nothing else changes and you don't ban any cheaters, you at least prevent cheaters from settings ranks on any name they want and ruining your entire history of records
03:19 < bridge> <louis> i mean yeah thats a huge plus by itself for shore
03:19 < bridge> <louis> i just think most ppl also expect more
03:19 < bridge> <totar> more can come later
03:19 < bridge> <louis> yeah, over time, not necessarily up front
03:20 < bridge> <louis> i guess there wont be a map pool reset if its not up front, oh well
03:20 < bridge> <louis> i dont rly care enough to try to convince anyone its a good idea
03:21 < bridge> <louis> achievements would be big too and that's a much easier thing to manage
05:18 < random> OwO
07:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> There is no reason to change the map pool
07:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> Just allow people to play whatever they want lol
07:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> "reclaiming" points isn't a real thing anyways
07:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> You never had them in the first place
08:19 < bridge> <jxsl13> morning non-devs and others ðŸ‘€
08:19 < bridge> <Ewan> good morning
08:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Morning tees
08:44 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Sadge
08:45 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> And added again lmao
08:45 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Maybe it was just a cache problem on my side
08:52 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I agree @totar we need some quality dictator!
10:13 < bridge> <vappy19> Where is heinrich o.o
10:49 < bridge> <0xdeen> Thanks @mpft ! ^
10:49 < bridge> <0xdeen> Thanks @lagar85 ! ^
11:04 < bridge> <suharick337> Ñ€
11:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> bribes!
11:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> wrong one
11:41 < bridge> <jxsl13> where is the chillbot bribes PR
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> pog i got multitasking working
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1403312932019769374/image.png?ex=68971883&is=6895c703&hm=5e2dd561ae85c72e84e9d8980df800262f2d0a30aa31948271fc3ea960bab46f&
11:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> the hello is from a user program
11:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> i also typed after the exit from the program so i know sys exit works
11:50 < bridge> <ryozuki> :brownbear:
11:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> i rly had a moment where i didnt rly know, but once it clicked that u just run the scheduler on timer interrupts it was easy
11:51 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I think removing all the hot garbage from the pool would be a significant improvement
11:57 < bridge> <Assa> âœ…
12:01 < bridge> <kebscs> additive review..
12:01 < bridge> <kebscs> idk how to predict additive tunes
12:05 < bridge> <Assa> - some maintainer once said, that missing prediction should not stand in the way of a new feature
12:05 < bridge> <Assa> - whatt's the issue with the prediction?
12:06 < bridge> <kebscs> rn override just says: use tune zone X values for this player
12:06 < bridge> <kebscs> with additive how do you store it for each player
12:07 < bridge> <kebscs> server would need send every tune for every player? idk
12:07 < bridge> <Assa> - Copy current player tunes
12:07 < bridge> <Assa> - Apply new tune
12:07 < bridge> <Assa> - Override with copy?
12:07 < bridge> <kebscs> wdym override with copy
12:08 < bridge> <kebscs> server has to let know to all players
12:08 < bridge> <Assa> tuning parameters are, in the end, just an array of ints?
12:08 < bridge> <kebscs> rn it just sends the X
12:08 < bridge> <Assa> ah
12:08 < bridge> <Assa> hash all combinations beyond 255? :justatest:
12:09 < bridge> <Assa> I see the problem
12:10 < bridge> <pilonpl> So which maps do you consider garbage?
12:13 < bridge> <pilonpl> i think regular events could be fun
12:13 < bridge> <pilonpl> like every week
12:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its suprising how few people attend cotd but its more cup of the month.. sometimes
12:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its pretty hard for alot of people to attend since its advertised in a random server in english only
12:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> a regular automated actual cup of the week would be epic
12:17 < bridge> <pilonpl> but how would it work exactly
12:17 < bridge> <kebscs> yea idk why its not organized by ddnet
12:17 < bridge> <kebscs> ddnet has an event like once a year
12:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> same as cup of the day
12:18 < bridge> <kebscs> and its some first to finish brutal map which you already know who will win
12:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we have race maps
12:19 < bridge> <pilonpl> i didn't even know about this event
12:19 < bridge> <Assa> - have a cotd category for mapping, all 40 seconds to 1 minute maps
12:19 < bridge> <Assa> - advertise weekly
12:19 < bridge> <Assa> 
12:19 < bridge> <Assa> Cmon that's not that hard
12:19 < bridge> <Assa> I would also be happy about 5-15 seconds weekly shorts
12:20 < bridge> <Assa> we could even hide the leaderboards, this command exists
12:20 < bridge> <pilonpl> it seems very competitive
12:20 < bridge> <Assa> and announce a winner after a week
12:20 < bridge> <Assa> yes
12:20 < bridge> <pilonpl> and DDNet is mostly about coop i think
12:21 < bridge> <Assa> nothing stops you from doing weekly short coop maps
12:21 < bridge> <Assa> nothing stops you from doing weekly short coop maps, or dummy maps or dank maps
12:23 < bridge> <pilonpl> i would want the vibe to be more like t0 brutal
12:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> in trackmania the whole game is about driving quickly
12:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> but in ddnet speedrunning is just one thing
12:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> the problem with that is we have no way to filter for skill... it would be messy and force most people to dummy so thats only 32 players per map
12:26 < bridge> <pilonpl> yeah idk
12:26 < bridge> <pilonpl> speedrunning is just not the main way of playing
12:26 < bridge> <kebscs> we can have both, they dont cancell eachother out
12:26 < bridge> <kebscs> 128player support would be huge for t0
12:27 < bridge> <pilonpl> sure
12:27 < bridge> <kebscs> and some kind of races for speedruning
12:27 < bridge> <pilonpl> yeah it could be all kinds of things
12:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> i wonder if Tower of Hell would work in DDNet
12:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cotd maps need to be no reset so yeah you need to edit them
12:32 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm not super familiar with the pool as a whole but a lot of old novices are very ugly and have inconsistent difficulty unfitting for novice
12:34 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> stuff like almost every single one of the superhero maps
13:26 < chillerbot> Elo @ChillerDragon I just wanted to remind you that: no javascript anymore
13:30 < chillerbot> Elo @teero777 I just wanted to remind you that: refactor vulkan backend
13:30 < chillerbot> Elo @teero777 I just wanted to remind you that: help
13:35 < chillerbot> Elo @01000111g I just wanted to remind you that: @Gumba close discord
13:42 < chillerbot> Elo @Assa I just wanted to remind you that: 1 bad bot
13:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> !remind implement a basic filesystem
13:44 < chillerbot> Helo ryozuki I will remind you in 86400000 time units about your matter again.
13:46 < chillerbot> Elo @markar2000_ I just wanted to remind you that: 1 test
13:48 < chillerbot> Elo @jxsl13 I just wanted to remind you that: Is Teero actually Jupstar's son?
13:51 < bridge> <jxsl13> That is the question, still.
13:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> whos the mother
13:54 < bridge> <jxsl13> Teeroletta
13:54 < bridge> <jxsl13> ðŸ‘€
13:55 < bridge> <soulyvevo> hi @ryozuki i just wanted to say i really appreciate you as a person
13:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
13:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> why is that
13:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> im just a annoying rust blabber xd
13:56 < bridge> <jxsl13> https://tenor.com/view/crab-gif-20830334
13:56 < chillerbot> Elo @ChillerDragon I just wanted to remind you that: fix messasges typo
14:01 < bridge> <jxsl13> because you are chill and no drama.
14:02 < bridge> <jxsl13> on the other hand, join team blue instead of red.
14:04 < bridge> <soulyvevo> because you filtered some prs and started conversations
14:04 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i hate that some stuff was left to rot
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs overlay issue solved, was build issue
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> i was just wondering why it was working ootb
14:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> whats team blue
14:17 < bridge> <jxsl13> https://tenor.com/view/golang-golang-halloween-gopher-gopher-halloween-gif-14710385853361001993
14:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
14:40 < bridge> <Assa> maybe you could expand the netmessage, but old client prediction would be in the mud :/
14:43 < bridge> <kebscs> so just the 3 year old pr? <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/5732>
14:44 < bridge> <kebscs> imo its too complicate
14:44 < bridge> <kebscs> imo its too complicated
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> I agree, but I'd still like this feature in it's current state
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> I requested some minor code changes now, after that I'd approve
14:56 < bridge> <Assa> Others will probably request a map with this feature if not already done
15:29 < chillerbot> Elo @Assa I just wanted to remind you that: 1 test
15:30 < chillerbot> Elo @ChillerDragon I just wanted to remind you that: add custom delays for assa
15:33 < chillerbot> Elo @Assa I just wanted to remind you that: 2 weeks when back of vacation release 19.4
15:44 < bridge> <always> https://deepwiki.com/ddnet/ddnet
15:44 < bridge> <always> ai generated wiki for ddnet
15:44 < bridge> <always> intresting website
15:51 < bridge> <kollpotato> aoe is top contributor
16:04 < bridge> <vappy19> u are a top friend of vapy o.o
16:16 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Souly trying not to mention tclient in every GitHub comment (level impossible)
16:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> solly*
16:18 < bridge> <always> soully
16:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i, souly, would never mention tclient in every issue
16:19 < bridge> <kollpotato> hi souly
16:25 < bridge> <manikoo> twix
16:26 < bridge> <teero777> Why'd I get ghost pinged twice?
16:27 < bridge> <manikoo> cuz u are teero
16:27 < bridge> <manikoo> @teero777
16:27 < bridge> <teero777> ah nvm
16:27 < bridge> <teero777> It was chillerbot
16:33 < bridge> <jxsl13> what is going on in your profile picture?
16:33 < bridge> <teero777> wdym
16:34 < bridge> <jxsl13> the jupstar
16:34 < bridge> <teero777> It's a street on a sunrise with the jumpstar
16:34 < bridge> <teero777> It's a street on a sunrise with the jupstar
16:34 < bridge> <jxsl13> ðŸ˜‚ why?
16:34 < bridge> <teero777> wdym why? I like vulkan?
16:35 < bridge> <teero777> And I like jupstar
16:35 < bridge> <teero777> I like it
16:35 < bridge> <jxsl13> D: oh it's a vulkan framework reference
16:35 < bridge> <teero777> Why is your pfp jpegged
16:37 < bridge> <jxsl13> used to play minecraft with some guys when I was 16 (iirc) and one of them created that profile picture for me D: it's png, actually. or what do you mean with jpegged?
16:38 < bridge> <jxsl13> so jupstar is also a big fan of vulkan, I suppose ðŸ‘€
16:38 < bridge> <jxsl13> kinda makes sense, given the often mentioning of it by him
17:18 < bridge> <manikoo> @sollybunny how fast tclient will add it
17:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> when someone adds it
17:38 < bridge> <kebscs> @robyt3 how did you fix `error: windows.ui.notifications.h: No such file or directory` on mingw?
17:39 < bridge> <kebscs> i added cppwinrt install in github ci and doesnt work <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10387/files>
17:44 < bridge> <robyt3> There's some confusion the `#include <windows.ui.notifications.h>` and `#include <winrt/windows.ui.notifications.h>` apparently, try the latter one
17:45 < bridge> <robyt3> There's some confusion with `#include <windows.ui.notifications.h>` and `#include <winrt/windows.ui.notifications.h>` apparently, try the latter one
17:46 < bridge> <robyt3> Also might have to be `Windows.UI.Notifications.h` for case sensitive filesystems like deen's build machine
17:53 < bridge> <kebscs> breaks for me
17:53 < bridge> <kebscs> when i add winrt/
17:56 < bridge> <kebscs> ill try with #if !defined(__MINGW32__)
18:04 < bridge> <kebscs> @robyt3 `fatal error: winrt/Windows.UI.Notifications.h: No such file or directory`
18:09 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> is there a way i can just link to a demo and have it play in browser
18:09 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> For yourself?
18:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> like https://ddnet.org/web?playdemo=http://myserver.com/demo.demo
18:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> for others
18:10 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Sadly no, theoretically https://ddnet.github.io/load_map.html would support it, if someone adds the URL download support
18:10 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> which probs requires the targeted server to have proper CORS rules
18:10 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i can do that
18:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> "render demo", does it spit out an mp4
18:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> nope its loading ddnet client epic
18:11 < bridge> <robyt3> Linking ffmpeg with Emscripten required like 20 GiB of memory, so no :justatest:
18:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> what ver of ddnet is this
18:12 < bridge> <robyt3> (the linked binary does)
18:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1403410433700003991/image.png?ex=68977351&is=689621d1&hm=e642bc786f584ac5f1a16188f0ea04a9acf0d5372e9b2b61afc79ca9519614f3&
18:12 < bridge> <robyt3> Open console
18:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> cant copy D:
18:12 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1403410623358046218/image.png?ex=6897737e&is=689621fe&hm=e021e1ef37016c2520dfdf9797117330747fe53a5c9f74c78329723fcfc46984&
18:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> where is the code for this
18:14 < bridge> <robyt3> Read https://ddnet.github.io/
18:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ah
18:14 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats weird
18:14 < bridge> <robyt3> But ideally this would be ported to modern DDNet
18:15 < bridge> <robyt3> Emscripten client should mostly work. If we would replace the curl-based HTTP implementation with Emscripten functions we could even use the server browser.
18:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> that seems easy enough
18:15 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i thought ddnet couldnt connect to servers tho
18:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i thought web ddnet couldnt connect to servers tho
18:16 < bridge> <robyt3> Making HTTP a clean interface with different implementations isn't easy because the HTTP requests are also different
18:16 < bridge> <robyt3> Because none of the official servers have websocket support enabled right now I assume, but it works for me locally and in a LAN
18:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh right, have u tried enabling websocket
18:17 < bridge> <robyt3> Probably not worth it before there's a running client, I don't know if websockets opened up additional surface for attacks
18:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ah
18:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> btw would it be accepted to add -h and args for quick starting ddnet
18:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (join server, play demo)
18:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (join server, play demo, edit map)
18:19 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i guess you can always write autoexec
18:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it would be possible to make a lcoally run websocket->udp
18:20 < bridge> <robyt3> You mean a help output? Could be useful I guess
18:20 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> currently it just ignores arguments apart from -c
18:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> -s sorry
18:25 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why is the logger so complicated
18:26 < bridge> <robyt3> I don't really want to add another full command parser if that's what you mean. I'd rather use the existing command system.
18:27 < bridge> <robyt3> What is?
18:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ilogger is inherited by cmemorylogger and cfilelogger one of which is a parent and thers locks everywhere
18:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ilogger is inherited by cmemorylogger and something and that something is the global logger which is setparent to this memorylogger
18:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> printf() :)
18:29 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> and optionaly write to passed in file
18:30 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i think -h should be a thing anyway and the rest of it gets executed like autoexec
18:31 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> `Usage: $0 [-s/--silent] [-h/--help] [autoexec]`
18:31 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> then add functions to open demo player and editor and server
18:45 < bridge> <louis> does tune override not make additive tuning easy
18:53 < bridge> <kebscs> no
18:54 < bridge> <louis> i feel like thats a bit of an oversight, can we not patch it
18:55 < bridge> <kebscs> you would need to send every tune value for every player
18:55 < bridge> <kebscs> rn is just additional 1 integer
18:55 < bridge> <kebscs> in ddnet char
19:08 < bridge> <louis> i mean
19:08 < bridge> <louis> u can send bitset of all 256 tune values i think
19:08 < bridge> <louis> each position corresponding to whether that tune zone is applied to the player or not
19:08 < bridge> <kebscs> what if 2 tunes have same values
19:09 < bridge> <kebscs> what takes priority?
19:09 < bridge> <louis> its still more over network but nothing crazy
19:09 < bridge> <louis> yeah thats an issue, i guess you'd just take the higher tunezone number
19:09 < bridge> <louis> that's lowkey a skill issue on the mod creator / mapper tho
19:09 < bridge> <kebscs> same when its not additive
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> also mapper skill issue
19:10 < bridge> <louis> idk. i think it's better additive
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> you just place drag part through freeze
19:10 < bridge> <louis> the logic for removing and adding when its not additive is a lot more confusing, also for players too btw
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> both players get different tune
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> thats it
19:11 < bridge> <louis> Imo tunes should behave the same to any other powerup (like inf jump), which are all additive
19:12 < bridge> <louis> its gonna be confusing otherwise, u could also always implement both versions but i don't think theres a benefit to having the strict lock version
19:13 < bridge> <kebscs> idk
19:13 < bridge> <kebscs> for me additive only makes sense if you make rpg map
19:13 < bridge> <kebscs> where you randomly pickup "powerups"
19:13 < bridge> <kebscs> every other map style doesnt make sense
19:13 < bridge> <qxdfox> add both
19:14 < bridge> <kebscs> no :)
19:14 < bridge> <qxdfox> sigh
19:14 < bridge> <kebscs> additive is way harder to code with little to no benefit
19:14 < bridge> <kebscs> and will increase bandwidth
19:17 < bridge> <qxdfox> i dont get how it would increase bandwidth
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> for prediction
19:18 < bridge> <qxdfox> cant you add all of it into one packet?
19:18 < bridge> <louis> its like 8 ints vs 1 int if you use a bitset
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> every player needs to know every other players tune values to predict
19:18 < bridge> <qxdfox> oh
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> then if you make it additive i guess players need to know if one of the zones was already taken or not
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> and an order of which you entered them maybe too
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> cba explaining it 10th time, i will not code additive tune lock
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> anyone wants to do it, the issue approved for 3 years
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> less talk more do
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> anyone can do it, the issue approved for 3 years
19:19 < bridge> <louis> didnt fokko say his impl did that
19:20 < bridge> <louis> w/e
19:20 < bridge> <louis> is there any maintainer opinion on this lol
19:20 < bridge> <louis> i feel like its just me arguing w u every 3 months on the implementation
19:20 < bridge> <kebscs> yes
19:21 < bridge> <kebscs> with fokks impl you had no prediction
19:21 < bridge> <kebscs> and hes inactive
19:21 < bridge> <kebscs> and on his pr hein said `I guess as a first step for something like this, we should get per-player tune support: #7288.`
19:22 < bridge> <kebscs> then #7288. gets merged and now we want additive anyway
19:22 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7288
19:22 < bridge> <kebscs> doesnt make sense
19:23 < bridge> <kebscs> with fokks impl you had no prediction (probably bcs of issues i listed above)
19:24 < bridge> <louis> I want additive, idk abt others
19:25 < bridge> <louis> i think it was an oversight to merge tune override without more opinions ig, but its just my opinion
19:25 < bridge> <kebscs> what map do you have in mind that it only works in additive
19:25 < bridge> <kebscs> it can be surely done without it
19:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if the servcer can send what tune zone the player is in aditiive can be done with only server support
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it cant
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> x-x
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bing bong
19:40 < bridge> <qxdfox> it can
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> uhhhh
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> okay
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> then wats the problem adding additive
19:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> as a tile
19:41 < bridge> <qxdfox> atleast i think it can
19:41 < bridge> <qxdfox> tune override can pick any tune zone right
19:41 < bridge> <qxdfox> so just send some "fake tunes" to the player
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have no clue how it works
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> or have a force tune zone
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tile
19:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> now i understand that pr
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh by additive it means
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> multiple tunes at same time
19:42 < bridge> <qxdfox> i think we cant have both on one map
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why not
19:42 < bridge> <qxdfox> if we have additive ones we need to reserver atleast 64 tune zones then
19:42 < bridge> <qxdfox> for the additive shit
19:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> reserver?
19:43 < bridge> <qxdfox> if we have additive ones we need to reserve atleast 64 tune zones then
19:43 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im not talking about additive
19:43 < bridge> <qxdfox> im playing a game rn cant type
19:44 < bridge> <qxdfox> well normal tune lock should work just fine
19:44 < bridge> <qxdfox> it does
19:44 < bridge> <qxdfox> on my server i have a tune override command just not the tiles
19:44 < bridge> <qxdfox> literally stole it from one of the prs
19:45 < bridge> <louis> why reserve
19:45 < bridge> <louis> u can just use normal zone ids
19:45 < bridge> <qxdfox> it only goes up to 255
19:45 < bridge> <qxdfox> i think
19:45 < bridge> <louis> in general it will be much cleaner
19:46 < bridge> <louis> just off my intuition. and yeah itll be easier to make non linear maps where u collect tunezones
19:46 < bridge> <louis> yah thats fine
19:47 < bridge> <qxdfox> if you only want additive ones you technically only need as many tune zones as max players i guess
19:48 < bridge> <qxdfox> so you send their additive tunes in one zone to everyone
19:50 < bridge> <kebscs> try make map with current one
19:50 < bridge> <kebscs> its good i promise
19:50 < bridge> <0xdeen> https://materialize.com/blog/speeding-up-materialize-ci/ it's not for DDNet CI though ðŸ˜„
19:50 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ah crap, ill read it anyway i guess
19:50 < bridge> <0xdeen> https://hookrace.net/ has an atom/rss feed
20:28 < bridge> <melon> interesting read!
20:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> nice blog
20:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> i should write about my os dev journey
20:30 < bridge> <manikoo> ryos
20:34 < bridge> <Assa> I also miss the 9â‚¬ ticket :feelsbadman:
20:35 < bridge> <Assa> You know that I send sounds? ðŸ˜® last 3 are awesome
20:35 < bridge> <louis> ya will check after work lol
20:35 < bridge> <louis> timezones
20:36 < bridge> <louis> mb
20:36 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 58â‚¬ ticket is good price too
20:36 < bridge> <Assa> oh sorry mb
20:37 < bridge> <melon> xd
20:37 < bridge> <melon> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1403447037290352660/image.png?ex=68979568&is=689643e8&hm=17f4fe855d1d25ab004d48d65ff4e60f3c8545245c163721c906a3746037d75b&
20:37 < bridge> <melon> DDNet everywhere
20:37 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> HRNet
20:39 < bridge> <Assa> for big brains :owo:
20:43 < bridge> <jxsl13> Go mentioned
22:32 < bridge> <Assa> nice @kebscs :brownbear:
22:32 < bridge> <Assa> now we only need a maintainer who also likes this feature :justatest:
22:52 < bridge> <kebscs> :deen_star:
23:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why do we need quic for accounts, yes we need encryption but why quic
23:34 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why cant we just do an rsa to aes handshake ourselves and have a msgflag for encryption, servers could then choose to disable wha they like without encryption
23:35 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I wonder the same @sollybunny pls ask whoever is saying we need that
23:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> thats been my view forever, but i just thought about it
23:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> like weve been stuck behind this for years, its not getting done
23:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> because heinrich wanted quic
23:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> and he is the only one who works on quic pr
23:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we can switch to quic when it exists
23:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but its just more hastle than its worth it seems
23:36 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I dont see how quic relates to accounts
23:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> ok lets team up and rewrite ddnet protocol
23:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> chiller are u down
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> we dont need to rewrite anything, we just need to do the handshake
23:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> But tbh I want neither quic nor accounts xd
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> why no accounts ?
23:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No rewrite pls
23:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Why accounts
23:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> epic bans
23:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> fast point fetching
23:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Bans suck
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> moderation mostly
23:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no faking, ranks can come back, points cant be bought, ban evasion is harder
23:37 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Points already fast
23:37 < bridge> <kollpotato> no
23:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Faking is fun
23:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> when accounts the account name is seperate from the in game name
23:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Bans should not happen in the first place
23:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yeah... no
23:38 < bridge> <kollpotato> why not
23:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Ban bad
23:38 < bridge> <kollpotato> is it because u have bots on official servers
23:39 < bridge> <kollpotato> :kek:
23:39 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I need a lawyer?
23:39 < bridge> <kollpotato> yes hire matricks
