00:17 < bridge> <avolicious> iterm2
00:42 < bridge> <soulyvevo> :brownbear:
02:45 < bridge> <learath2> I used alacritty on macOS too
02:50 < bridge> <learath2> An extra maintainer is an interesting proposition, but I can't really think of anyone who aligns with the rest of the maintainers to bring on board
02:54 < bridge> <Ewan> good stuff
02:54 < bridge> <learath2> That's a surprising throwback üòÑ
02:54 < bridge> <Ewan> yes
02:54 < bridge> <Ewan> im currently trying to automate inputting my hours
02:54 < bridge> <Ewan> i have it all done but it won't iterate over elements i select via xpath üò≠
02:55 < bridge> <Ewan> or maybe my loop is messed up
02:55 < bridge> <learath2> Did you add the loop end block?
02:55 < bridge> <learath2> It's very unintuitive how the iteration things work
02:55 < bridge> <Ewan> ah lemme try that
02:57 < bridge> <Ewan> nice that was actually all i needed
02:57 < bridge> <Ewan> but i need to add some more checks for things
03:34 < bridge> <Ewan> i forgot to follow up but im so close to victory
03:34 < bridge> <Ewan> the website im adding it on is hot flaming garbage
03:36 < bridge> <Ewan> type of thing where you can enter text into an input field for a time of day (e.g. 07:00) & it‚Äôll bring up a ‚Äúfake‚Äù context menu/scrollable popup showing you your ‚Äúoptions‚Äù, like every possible minute after what you‚Äôve already input 07:xx .. 03, 02, 03‚Ä¶)
03:36 < bridge> <Ewan> but you HAVE TO CLICK THE ITEM for it to apply
03:36 < bridge> <Ewan> just typing 07:00 is not enough
03:36 < bridge> <Ewan> completely over engineered
03:36 < bridge> <Ewan> type of thing where you can enter text into an input field for a time of day (e.g. 07:00) & it‚Äôll bring up a ‚Äúfake‚Äù context menu/scrollable popup showing you your ‚Äúoptions‚Äù, like every possible minute after what you‚Äôve already input 07:xx .. 07:01, 07:02, 07:03‚Ä¶)
03:37 < bridge> <Ewan> type of thing where you can enter text into an input field for a time of day (e.g. 07:00) & it‚Äôll bring up a ‚Äúfake‚Äù context menu/scrollable popup showing you your ‚Äúoptions‚Äù, like every possible minute after what you‚Äôve already input 07:xx .. 07:00, 07:01, 07:02‚Ä¶)
03:37 < bridge> <Ewan> type of thing where you can enter text into an input field for a time of day (e.g. 07:00) & it‚Äôll bring up a ‚Äúfake‚Äù context menu/scrollable popup showing you your ‚Äúoptions‚Äù, like every possible minute after what you‚Äôve already input 07:xx .. 07:00, 07:01, 07:02‚Ä¶
03:38 < bridge> <learath2> ew
03:38 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon when you are around I want to chat about #8331
03:38 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8331
03:38 < bridge> <Ewan> instead of just using the the form data step & moving on, i do one where i put in 07:00, then a second where it has no input but a typing delay of 1000 so the menu pops up, then i filter by css selector to click the thing
03:39 < bridge> <Ewan> :only-child goes hard
03:39 < bridge> <Ewan> bcs if you put in 07:00 exactly it‚Äôd be your only option
03:39 < bridge> <learath2> having full css selectors is veery nice in automa
03:39 < bridge> <Ewan> yeah
03:40 < bridge> <Ewan> i‚Äôve had to use xpath for constraining the days of the week i use (each day has 1 button, and an attribute with a number value describing day of the week)
03:40 < bridge> <learath2> I should get some sleep, gn and gl @mpft
03:41 < bridge> <Ewan> gn, thx
04:52 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358635592719794286/2025-04-06_20-51-04.mkv?ex=67f48f7f&is=67f33dff&hm=93462a4e2c767a97bcd5297e4be917cb0a587547dfca8e26efec299ad10c8021&
05:05 < bridge> <Ewan> i got it working. i wanna post a video but there are sensitive details all over the web page
05:05 < bridge> <Ewan> i will just ublock those parts for now
05:18 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358642085452058697/image.png?ex=67f4958b&is=67f3440b&hm=51f013f4e75dd195edd88a6075b6347635047d213be942004efa9013bd8723ee&
05:18 < bridge> <Ewan> i accidentally submitted the hours already
05:18 < bridge> <Ewan> maybe next week
05:19 < bridge> <Ewan> i love how they use an iframe
05:29 < bridge> <Ewan> huhhh
05:29 < bridge> <Ewan> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358644881928618106/IMG_7951.jpg?ex=67f49826&is=67f346a6&hm=9c05f8cb8133b268f0b2fd293adf4f0ecd3a0a2ca10e19ca30a7cb8465e3e9f5&
05:29 < bridge> <Ewan> i clicked it & the window title was changed to something about my laptop‚Äôs touch driver
09:30 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs 
09:30 < bridge> <Assa> > Pushed a fix, because for some reason `m_To` and `m_From` is flipped in laser object, so it didn't predict correctly when end of the laser was in wall, instead of beggining of laser
09:30 < bridge> <Assa> 
09:30 < bridge> <Assa> Imagine shooting the classical laser, the start position is always the one **without** the dot on top, I know that's confusing because it's for everything else swapped, I had a similar issue with the grabbers
10:11 < bridge> <kebscs> üëç But in server code it's the other way around
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> And suddenly you see why I did this with the grabber :kek:
11:21 < bridge> <garoy_120fps> –ö—Ç–æ –∫–æ–ª–∞–±—É?
11:37 < bridge> <always> when #7737 merged?
11:37 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/7737
12:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> thanks a lot @learath2 <:heartw:395753947396046850>
12:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @always that poor guy never even got a single review
12:21 < bridge> <learath2> np boss
12:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 #8331 is basically a traumatic memory for me at this point i was so proud of the feature when i made it work 4 years ago and then it went only downhill from there ._.
12:21 < bridge> <learath2> Do you like its current state?
12:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no
12:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i butchered it broken to please heinrich
12:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i liked all the versions heinrich didnt like
12:23 < bridge> <always> i wil lleave him a comment
12:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> cute of you
12:23 < bridge> <always> you should aswell
12:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i am not as cute as u
12:23 < bridge> <always> i see you posted about it 3 times
12:24 < bridge> <always> but didnt even leave a commnet
12:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i just spread the awareness
12:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i did my part
12:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> having 0 comments should be an alert to maintainers imo. 1 comment can look like unhandled feedback by the pr author
12:25 < bridge> <always> but
12:25 < bridge> <always> it does work
12:25 < bridge> <always> there is no issue with cl_dummy_fire
12:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i am not sure if i mentioned something about dummies in contributing.md
12:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> oh yes i did
12:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/ad3ab1c7291b2ea50d3e8f4c1074573a1d176389/CONTRIBUTING.md#general
12:27 < bridge> <always> the problem with the pr is it fixes nothing?
12:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> > A non-exhaustive list of things that usually get rejected:
12:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> > Extending dummy with new gameplay-affecting features. #8275 #5443 (comment)
12:28 < bridge> <always> the pr fixes nothing
12:28 < bridge> <always> cl_dummy_fire has no bugs with it im pretty sure
12:28 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but blubber butt pr is older than contributing.md i think his pr inspired me to write that warning into contributing.md to avoid others suffering like him
12:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @always idk i cant comment i unly use basic dummy mechanics from the 90s none of that fancy new stuff
12:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i dont even pseudo
12:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> we need a "dummy guy" as a dev
12:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> we have a few experts in specific domains of ddnet that are active in the repo but nobody i think is really comfortable with dummy stuff
12:31 < bridge> <always> just do
12:31 < bridge> <always> cl_dummy_control 1
12:32 < bridge> <always> bind x +toggle cl_dummy_fire 1 0
12:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ok pro
12:32 < bridge> <always> it should make your dummy fire in any direction
12:32 < bridge> <always> that you face it to look at
12:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> "i think this should get merged"
12:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> always for maintainer
12:34 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> maybe write some more helpful comment that gives something that maintainers can base their decison on @always ?
12:34 < bridge> <always> there is no issue with it
12:35 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> like say you tested the change in game and it is an improvement
12:35 < bridge> <always> the guy just used it wrong
12:35 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> send a clip of how it was before and how it is now
12:35 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> there is no issue with what? with the pr? which guy used what wrong?
12:35 < bridge> <always> he tried `bind x "cl_dummy_control 1; +toggle cl_dummy_fire 1 0"`
12:35 < bridge> <always> which does break
12:35 < bridge> <always> im guessing he did that
12:36 < bridge> <always> or
12:36 < bridge> <always> wait
12:36 < bridge> <always> that works
12:36 < bridge> <always> idk what he tried
12:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> who tried what you confuse me
12:36 < bridge> <always> `bind x "+toggle cl_dummy_control 1 0; +toggle cl_dummy_fire 1 0"`
12:36 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> are you for or against the merge now?
12:36 < bridge> <always> okay
12:36 < bridge> <always> he tried this
12:36 < bridge> <always> which does break
12:37 < bridge> <learath2> What is it that you don't like about the current state of it?
12:37 < bridge> <always> ill try the change and see if it changes anything
12:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 it doesnt detect if the mapres is a font so you end up accidentally typing out grass_main and also it only supports one layout
12:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i had support for multiple font layouts
12:38 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but this feature would work the best with metadata files
12:39 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so the editor knows which mapres are fonts and where their letters/numbers are located
12:39 < bridge> <learath2> How about a prop in the layer to make it a "text layer"? That way you'd have to intentionally mark a layer as text so you can't type out grass_main
12:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i had the interactive one which made the user click once to select the A of the font to allow picking a layout at runtime. But if thats also not saved to disk thats annoying and either way i think heinrich disliked that too xd
12:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 is that prop saved to disk?
12:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 is that prop loaded from disk?
12:40 < bridge> <learath2> Yes and yes. Do we not have somewhere we can sneak that into in the map format?
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if it is stored in the map not in the mapres this means the user has to hand select it for every new map?
12:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> keep in mind this kind of feature saves you 40 seconds of spelling out one word the entry barrier to using that feature should be low
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> otherwise only players typing out the bible as a map will bother to configure it
12:42 < bridge> <always> so im confused what it changed
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> then update you comment @always xd
12:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> report your confusion
12:42 < bridge> <always> im just gonna delete my comment
12:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> lel
12:43 < bridge> <always> act like it never happened
12:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> edging the bubble butt
12:43 < bridge> <always> what the hell are you talking about
12:43 < bridge> <always> oh
12:43 < bridge> <always> his name is bubblerbut
12:44 < bridge> <learath2> But you already have to pick the font, does an extra checkbox while doing that really count as "configuring"?
12:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 ok if the checkbox is smooth sure thats fine. but then still we are left with the layout problem
12:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and i would like some smart default for that checkbox which looks at the filename if it contains text or font
12:46 < bridge> <learath2> Hm I'll make some coffee and think. I have a feeling I agree with heinrich that there is really not much value in introducing customization to the layout
12:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ok if we ditch the layout then the checkbox could also be removed if we dont save anyways
12:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> pressing the font hotkey could just open a alert box saying "YOU ARE ABOUT TO TYPE. ARE YOU SURE THIS IS A FONT?" that should be smoother than a checkbox
12:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> reduces accidents with non fonts. makes it less confusing for fonts where someone forgot the checkbox 
12:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> oh i love that idea lemme comment that
12:49 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah if it's not going to be saved just a secret state bool is enough. First time user tries to type on a layer warn him and then proceed
12:49 < bridge> <always> now #7746 is a pr by mr bubbley butt that should get merged
12:49 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/7746
12:49 < bridge> <always> its a bug
12:49 < bridge> <always> fix it
12:49 < bridge> <melon> It's a dummy features
12:49 < bridge> <melon> We don't touch dummy
12:49 < bridge> <always> its a bug
12:49 < bridge> <melon> It's a dummy feature
12:50 < bridge> <melon> We don't touch dummy.
12:50 < bridge> <always> why would your dummy hammer when you switch with copy mvoes on
12:50 < bridge> <always> so stupid
12:50 < bridge> <melon> WE. DONT. TOUCH. DUMMY
12:50 < bridge> <always> i will touch you
12:50 < bridge> <learath2> We can touch dummy. What do you want us to touch?
12:50 < bridge> <always> #7746
12:50 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/7746
12:51 < bridge> <melon> Pls dont. The second you fix this, people will, again - send in their modified dummy input to legitimize it :cammo:
12:51 < bridge> <learath2> I am 1000000% sure someone is using this behaviour
12:51 < bridge> <always> how is anyone using this feature
12:51 < bridge> <melon> If it's a constant behavior, people will inevitably use kt
12:51 < bridge> <always> atleast make it a config then :c
12:51 < bridge> <melon> If it's a constant behavior, people will inevitably use it
12:52 < bridge> <learath2> Idk we should ask the dummy nerds
12:52 < bridge> <always> @gionix3318
12:52 < bridge> <always> mr dummy client
12:52 < bridge> <melon> Damn is nasmo not on here anymore? Can't ping him
12:52 < bridge> <always> i never see him play no more
12:52 < bridge> <melon> @atsuko_timout
12:52 < bridge> <always> always just spec
12:53 < bridge> <always> @plantii
12:53 < bridge> <melon> Ok enough spampinging
12:53 < bridge> <always> @blaiszephyr
12:53 < bridge> <always> @blaiszephyr
12:53 < bridge> <always> @blaiszephyr
12:53 < bridge> <always> @blaiszephyr
12:53 < bridge> <always> @blaiszephyr
12:53 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> <:banhammer:392813948858269696>
12:53 < bridge> <learath2> Just say the word üçà
12:54 < bridge> <melon> kick him so he has to look up the url again
12:54 < bridge> <melon> Need to continue working tho sadly
13:16 < bridge> <always> deeply sorry for any harm i caused
13:16 < bridge> <always> wont do it again
13:54 < bridge> <learath2> ChillerDragon #9443 is broke
13:54 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9443
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> I am bored at work again and I just imagined one feature for the editor:
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> **Drag & drop a tee to spawn in the map**  in order to test a part for the map for example
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> What do we need for it? 
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> - Drag & Drop functionality for a "Tee sprite" in the editor
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> - A local server we can start, oh look @kebscs already did the work ‚ù§Ô∏è
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> - Teleport the player there or add a sv_dev_spawn x y or something like that
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> Currently when mapping you unmap the official spawn and set it infront of a part you want to test, do you think this would be a feature worthy of our time?
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> I am bored at work again and I just imagined one feature for the editor:
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> **Drag & drop a tee to spawn in the map**  in order to test a part for the map for example
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> What do we need for it? 
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> - Drag & Drop functionality for a "Tee sprite" in the editor
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> - A local server we can start, oh look @kebscs already did the work ‚ù§Ô∏è
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> - Teleport the player there or add a sv_dev_spawn x y or something like that, since we can give commands to the local server we are starting
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> Currently when mapping you unmap the official spawn and set it infront of a part you want to test, do you think this would be a feature worthy of our time?
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> I am bored at work again and I just imagined one feature for the editor:
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> **Drag & drop a tee to spawn in the map**  in order to test a part for the map for example
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> What do we need for it? 
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> - Drag & Drop functionality for a "Tee sprite" in the editor
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> - A local server we can start, oh look @kebscs already did the work ‚ù§Ô∏è
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> - Teleport the player there or add a sv_dev_spawn x y or something like that, since we can give commands to the local server we are starting
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> - Close the server when entering the editor again
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:10 < bridge> <Assa> Currently when mapping you unmap the official spawn and set it infront of a part you want to test, do you think this would be a feature worthy of our time?
14:10 < bridge> <Assa> Technically we have nearly all of this things available, maybe something needs to be done for drag & drop and for the server shutdown
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> I am bored at work again and I just imagined one feature for the editor:
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> **Drag & drop a tee to spawn in the map**  in order to test a part for the map for example
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> What do we need for it? 
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - Drag & Drop functionality for a "Tee sprite" in the editor
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - A local server we can start, oh look @kebscs already did the work ‚ù§Ô∏è
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - Teleport the player there or add a sv_dev_spawn x y or something like that, since we can give commands to the local server we are starting
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> ~~- Close the server when entering the editor again~~ - or send an sv_dev_spawn command if the server already exists
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> Currently when mapping you unmap the official spawn and set it infront of a part you want to test, do you think this would be a feature worthy of our time?
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> Technically we have nearly all of this things available, maybe something needs to be done for drag & drop ~~and for the server shutdown~~
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> I am bored at work again and I just imagined one feature for the editor:
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> **Drag & drop a tee to spawn in the map**  in order to test a part for the map for example
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> What do we need for it? 
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - Drag & Drop functionality for a "Tee sprite" in the editor
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - A local server we can start, oh look @kebscs already did the work ‚ù§Ô∏è
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> - Teleport the player there or add a sv_dev_spawn x y or something like that, since we can give commands to the local server we are starting
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> ~~- Close the server when entering the editor again~~ or send an sv_dev_spawn command if the server already exists
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> Currently when mapping you unmap the official spawn and set it infront of a part you want to test, do you think this would be a feature worthy of our time?
14:11 < bridge> <Assa> Technically we have nearly all of this things available, maybe something needs to be done for drag & drop ~~and for the server shutdown~~
14:13 < bridge> <kebscs> instead of this you could just render tee position in editor
14:13 < bridge> <kebscs> also last 5 seconds of movement so its easy to map
14:13 < bridge> <kebscs> some game had it i remember
14:14 < bridge> <Assa> The editor will never behave like the actual game
14:14 < bridge> <Assa> But yes, I know a game, too: Mario Maker
14:14 < bridge> <kebscs> oh yea
14:14 < bridge> <kebscs> dont need to, just store last few seconds of player position
14:14 < bridge> <kebscs> and translate game cords to map cords so x,y *32 and itll work
14:15 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Player trails in map editor are a neat idea
14:15 < bridge> <Assa> we could do that, as a follow up, this is already a task made up of 4 features xD
14:15 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> If you want to test a certain part why not just teleport there?
14:16 < bridge> <kebscs> i think the mario maker trail would be easiest and most useful
14:16 < bridge> <Assa> isn't that exactly what I've written?
14:16 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Yeah but drag and drop is extra fancy
14:17 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Just use telecursor once you're on the server
14:17 < bridge> <Assa> Good thing about the dev spawn would be, that, if you die, you get put back there
14:18 < bridge> <Assa> I agree, that would be a QoL feature, we can currently work around issues like that
14:19 < bridge> <Assa> Will be a bit more compilcated, as we'd need dummy trails, too ^^ maybe even weapon trails
14:20 < bridge> <Assa> I must admit, that I don't know how I'd implement the trails, tho
14:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Mario maker
14:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Oh u already
14:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Mentioned it
14:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Make tw editor less like Linux to a penguin and more like mario maker to a small child
14:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358779557221499093/image0.gif?ex=67f51593&is=67f3c413&hm=1e6ac0edf68136382fc02d1a1d6678fac0eb14ec7dcfa5a0ce243921f15a62ad&
14:26 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358779946184736818/rn_image_picker_lib_temp_e9f9165f-f7de-4a89-915f-a6ef854302b1.jpg?ex=67f515f0&is=67f3c470&hm=511fd25bad738f882c70515b96245fb7ac3044a4af8192396d14f285ecaa44ee&
14:30 < bridge> <Assa> ^as I need to open an issue for every feature I implement üåû also pinguins are great üêß
14:33 < bridge> <teero777> are serverside dummies going to be implemented for this? @essigautomat 
14:33 < bridge> <teero777> also just while you're at it you should render all players in the editor and let the editor interact with the players
14:36 < bridge> <Assa> no why? What? I'd only render the trail of the player and maybe his dummy
14:36 < bridge> <teero777> oh okay
14:36 < bridge> <Assa> Click with sword on player to kill ‚ò†Ô∏è
14:36 < bridge> <teero777> xd
14:37 < bridge> <teero777> i thought about doing this for a while
14:37 < bridge> <teero777> but i got other things ig
14:37 < bridge> <teero777> but i got other things
14:38 < bridge> <Assa> Other feature I thought about are map sided NPCs ... but we aren't ready yet for the adventure category
14:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Noooo
14:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> I feel like new gamemodes won't be added to DDNet
14:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> However server side dummies for cool tech would be pog
14:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Like having a part where you hold dummy to cross a gap but it's a solo map
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> or an NPC that you need to talk or fight with in order to get a weapon
15:01 < bridge> <atsuko_timout> tg
15:01 < bridge> <atsuko_timout> dummy sux
15:01 < bridge> <atsuko_timout> delete it
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs> @essigautomat how do i render on the map
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs> ```
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs>     for (auto& mov : pGameClient->m_lastMovements)
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs>     {
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs>         RenderTools()->RenderTile(mov.x*32, mov.y*32, TILE_NOHOOK, 32.f, ColorRGBA(1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f, 1.0f));
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs>     }
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs> ```
15:05 < bridge> <kebscs> not working
15:06 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358790109352431961/image.png?ex=67f51f67&is=67f3cde7&hm=b1b335bbeca98bdc3a36622cd8073edf2b02b5078c43e05da87c6b29d432decf&
15:06 < bridge> <lukure> ChillerDragon, are u there?
15:18 < bridge> <kebscs> ok its /32 not *32 but still not working
15:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @lukure a bit why
15:24 < bridge> <lukure> can we meet some secs ingame?
15:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 oh no what broke
15:25 < bridge> <learath2> It fails an assert. Perhaps needs to be updated
15:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ok lemme rebase
15:25 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @lukure go SECRET TEST SERVER pw 123
15:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @teero777 yes pls we need tees in editor
15:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and mintee protocol -.-
15:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> minetee*
15:43 < bridge> <kebscs> not working, nvm got it
15:54 < bridge> <zxczen1ks> ddnet servers disappeared they have been offline for 2 days now how to solve this problem
15:54 < bridge> <Assa> does m_LastMovements already exist?
15:54 < bridge> <kebscs> no, i added it
15:55 < bridge> <kebscs> imagine the skin is loaded
15:55 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358802262100541692/image.png?ex=67f52ab8&is=67f3d938&hm=7729492abb65dd6c9eb183bf46ac2014a60b57fbc1a968fda9474b4791b887e2&
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> lmao
15:55 < bridge> <kebscs> can ofc change how often its updated etc
15:55 < bridge> <kebscs> can send u the code if u want to polish it
15:55 < bridge> <Assa> I already propose to do it different, and catch events like jumps üòõ
15:56 < bridge> <kebscs> idk how would that work
18:51 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> yes please i think the editor needs to look more like a game editor and less like a gfx software
19:30 < bridge_> <cyberfrighter> tw isnt like mario at all, maybe ur thinking of supertux?
20:33 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> im planning ot make a new editor, people like how it works now and i want a different more child/noob friendly one
20:33 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> so im not going to be touching the current one
21:17 < bridge_> <Assa> Make editor light, and sell Editor Pro^TM /s
21:22 < bridge_> <soulyvevo> i want big colorful buttons everywhere
21:32 < bridge_> <louis> 7th custom editor incoming
21:32 < bridge_> <Assa> `got commit --amend` at one time I got it, but now I lost it
21:33 < bridge_> <Assa> and you lost the game
21:33 < bridge_> <melon> can we just all work on DDNET-RS editor pls
21:33 < bridge_> <melon> More performant, it's in development so we can change whatever we see fit
21:33 < bridge_> <melon> It's written in rust, has multiplayer sessions
21:33 < bridge_> <melon> It's own automapper GUI
21:34 < bridge_> <Assa> does heinrich do rust?
21:34 < bridge_> <melon> Yes
21:34 < bridge_> <Assa> okay, then I have to üòÆ
21:34 < bridge_> <melon> He has an entire library full of tools written in rust xD
21:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> what if we add multiplayer to current editor
21:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> and dont do pointless rust rewrites
21:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> üëç
21:34 < bridge_> <melon> https://github.com/heinrich5991/libtw2
21:34 < bridge_> <Assa> "multiplayer to editor" sounds like live programming to me
21:35 < bridge_> <melon> Pointless ? Why
21:35 < bridge_> <kebscs> i dont like rewrites of anything
21:35 < bridge_> <kebscs> youre just doing the same thing over and over
21:35 < bridge_> <melon> I life steamed it while mapping with up to 6 people at the same time
21:35 < bridge_> <melon> It was great
21:35 < bridge_> <kebscs> why not take the time to improve the product that everyone uses
21:35 < bridge_> <kebscs> rather than do rewrite and waste time to start from 0
21:36 < bridge_> <melon> The best thing with rewrites is that you don't start from 0
21:36 < bridge_> <Assa> While I don't disagree, I want to remind you that we have banks running software with a programming language from the 60s
21:36 < bridge_> <kebscs> you do, you just dont have to think what to do
21:37 < bridge_> <Assa> A friend of mine still needs to do software, that emulates hole-cards
21:37 < bridge_> <kebscs> i mean yea theres some limit
21:37 < bridge_> <kebscs> but dont think its the case here
21:37 < bridge_> <melon> We are really restricted within ddnet tho
21:38 < bridge_> <Assa> I mean punch cards, had to look up how it's called in english
21:38 < bridge_> <kebscs> why?
21:38 < bridge_> <melon> Backwards compatibility, and the rule of thumb to not touch engine/physics is a real deal breaker for a lot of things we could improve
21:38 < bridge_> <kebscs> so why ddnet-rs can be not backwards compatible
21:39 < bridge_> <kebscs> instead of just dropping that backwards compatible rule, we rewrite from 0 to do the same thing
21:39 < bridge_> <kebscs> logic
21:39 < bridge_> <melon> There's a difference between supporting clients older than 6 months
21:39 < bridge_> <melon> 
21:39 < bridge_> <melon> Or 14 years.
21:39 < bridge_> <Assa> can we convert ddnet into fortran, so I can run it on my IBM 701?
21:40 < bridge_> <melon> also keep in mind ddnet-rs was a sort of private project of Jupsti
21:40 < bridge_> <melon> Which gave us great things, like the account implementation
21:41 < bridge_> <Assa> What I am wondering, is why we can't use some kind of converter, but on the other hand, I know that you need perfect floating point precision and replication as teero explained to me
21:41 < bridge_> <melon> @teero777 rate ddnet physics code from 1-10.0f
21:41 < bridge_> <kebscs> if its private project then i dont mind
21:42 < bridge_> <Assa> 1.0000000000000002
21:42 < bridge_> <teero777> 7.12400000000005
21:42 < bridge_> <kebscs> but for some reason its talked about so much when its not replacing the official client any time soon
21:42 < bridge_> <Assa> lmao
21:42 < bridge_> <melon> :poggers2:
21:42 < bridge_> <teero777> it's better than most other physics engines
21:42 < bridge_> <teero777> like 1000x better
21:42 < bridge_> <melon> Yes because it's utility is already better than ddnet
21:42 < bridge_> <teero777> but it can be better
21:42 < bridge_> <teero777> some games only run at a few tps
21:42 < bridge_> <melon> Just the demo viewer/renderer and editor alone deserve recognition
21:43 < bridge_> <ryozuki> have u played noita
21:43 < bridge_> <Assa> let's forget the renderer, at least maplayers
21:43 < bridge_> <Assa> wizard death simulator?
21:44 < bridge_> <Assa> I once died in the flesh world to a magic eye that shot a laser at me, while I was invisible
21:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i havent played it much but its hard
21:45 < bridge_> <melon> I don't want anything to replace ddnet
21:45 < bridge_> <melon> 
21:45 < bridge_> <melon> But I love the fact that ddnet-rs exists, it's great
21:45 < bridge_> <Assa> I never beat the "endboss", but I managed to leave the game, that's Noita for you
21:46 < bridge_> <Assa> yes, I understand, but I'd say that even the C++ game is well written in most parts, at least for a 15 year old game with many many contributors
21:46 < bridge_> <melon> teeworlds has been in development for 23 years :Pepega:
21:46 < bridge_> <melon> Or 22? Not sure, I think matricks started 2002-4
21:47 < bridge_> <Assa> First version I played was called Teewars, but I can't remember
21:52 < bridge_> <teero777> in terms of performance
21:57 < bridge_> <kebscs> any reason why?
21:57 < bridge_> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358893474383925359/image.png?ex=67f57fab&is=67f42e2b&hm=88774935a850bab5a1fb0615c2d0e8b7a35682ba2a6d8122aea6bec566a06d39&
21:57 < bridge_> <kebscs> curious
21:58 < bridge_> <ryozuki> easy to know they from std
21:58 < bridge_> <ryozuki> for me
21:58 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah I'd say Noita is the winner here if we take into account how much it's doing
21:58 < bridge_> <ryozuki> and i guess u are using using which pollutes
21:59 < bridge_> <teero777> the physics don't use std::
21:59 < bridge_> <teero777> check vmath.h
22:12 < bridge_> <yakupie> guys i want add my client when i shoot the tee color change code but i cant find the keybinds codes wtf
22:13 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Why do you need this as a client feature??
22:14 < bridge_> <yakupie> can i use this in game console?
22:14 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Yes you can do it with a normal keybind
22:14 < bridge_> <yakupie> idk keybinds codes
22:14 < bridge_> <yakupie> like bind emotes?
22:15 < bridge_> <kebscs> bind mouse1 +fire;other command
22:15 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> If you can't figure out how to write basic keybinds or read the wiki page on how they work, I don't think you're ready for client development
22:15 < bridge_> <yakupie> its can work anytime or just one time?
22:15 < bridge_> <yakupie> bro i dont write console anything before
22:15 < bridge_> <louis> $wiki binds
22:15 < bridge_> <teero777> for example `bind x "player_color_body $FF0000; player_color_feet $FF0000; "` to get a red colored skin when you press X
22:15 < bridge_> <louis> its in there
22:16 < bridge_> <robyt3> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/6372/commits/db4ec4a12d6b0f74c99cf753be560d3c5a489e42
22:16 < bridge_> <yakupie> thx dude
22:16 < bridge_> <teero777> the color is in hex format https://htmlcolorcodes.com/
22:16 < bridge_> <yakupie> i know it lol
22:16 < bridge_> <yakupie> but i need a function to make random all time
22:17 < bridge_> <louis> üíÄ
22:17 < bridge_> <louis> use cfg files to create  a cycle of 500 different color combinations, it will seem random
22:17 < bridge_> <yakupie> ok
22:17 < bridge_> <kebscs> ty
22:18 < bridge_> <teero777> `sqrt` and `sqrtf` are not the same tho, is that why vmath hasn't changed ig?
22:20 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> my game randomly crashed when I joined a server, I didn't even have a crash popup, here's the backtrace
22:20 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1358899223986180097/bt.txt?ex=67f58506&is=67f43386&hm=93285d1c58badbd205f41c9d9fd3cc6d4c07dd08a24ca3219c9f392a2f5ee3fd&
22:20 < bridge_> <robyt3> Not sure if this is because of a recent update, spectre mitigation  or just because I keep going to 30 parallel universes, but after a while it gets really slow and I get frequent drops < 1 FPS
22:20 < bridge_> <robyt3> Is this latest master? Looks similar to a crash that I fixed recently
22:21 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> The game is known to be unstable, people usually save and reload the game every one or two parallel universes
22:21 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> so I assume it doesn't unload certain things properly
22:21 < bridge_> <milkeeycat> `8b5595ea04507a3027e7bbcdf1959f5b402bebbc`
22:22 < bridge_> <robyt3> yeah, I also make backups occasionally, but maybe it just gets too slow even on SSD because it uses a lot of files to store the world
22:23 < bridge_> <robyt3> Looks like it doesn't include #9958 yet
22:23 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9958
22:29 < bridge_> <robyt3> vmath also uses `std::sqrt`, which is overloaded for float and double. `sqrtf` is float and `sqrt` is double
22:48 < bridge_> <Assa> at this point I already deleted 300 lines of maplayers, without changing anything logically
22:49 < bridge_> <Assa> @robyt3 what about min and max functions?
22:49 < bridge_> <Assa> I see a lot of "minimum" and "maximum" calls, when we have "std::min" and "std::max"
22:51 < bridge_> <robyt3> I don't remember exactly why we kept those, maybe to avoid conflicts with 0.7 at the time
22:51 < bridge_> <Assa> "avoid conflicts", I have so many questions
22:52 < bridge_> <Assa> I hope that std::min and minimum are equal in function.
22:52 < bridge_> <robyt3> yeah, minimum is just a wrapper for std::min at this point
22:53 < bridge_> <robyt3> Looks like it was originally for #4004
22:53 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/4004
22:54 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I love the issue name
22:54 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> My favourite compiler :D :D
22:54 < bridge_> <robyt3> But we fixed that by defining `NOMINMAX` so including windows.h doesn't define its own min and max macros
22:55 < bridge_> <robyt3> So we could probably remove minimum and maximum
22:58 < bridge_> <Assa> I love that issue number to this xD
22:58 < bridge_> <Ewan> MIN(), MAX(), minimum(), maximum(), std::min(), std::max()
22:58 < bridge_> <Ewan> i think there should be more
22:58 < bridge_> <Ewan> actually the MS macros are lowercase right? that‚Äôs why they conflict with std version
22:58 < bridge_> <Ewan> stupid monkeys
23:08 < bridge_> <kebscs> any review on #9902?
23:08 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9902
