00:10 < bridge> <kebscs> worked now
00:10 < bridge> <kebscs> ty
00:11 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Cosmic rays
01:14 < bridge> <pluskz> any idea why some custom console commands are not registering? i only get 1 registering but not all others (gamecontext.cpp)
01:18 < bridge> <kebscs> show how you register it, no idea with this description
01:20 < bridge> <pluskz> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1377426216524709960/sss.png?ex=6838eba1&is=68379a21&hm=b7511d4a1a8e782ff6f02b5b2c7870faf9bd8235d66ad5c433f18859d994f0a7&
01:21 < bridge> <kebscs> looks fine for rcon commands
01:21 < bridge> <pluskz> i cant use them in chat nor the console
01:22 < bridge> <kebscs> delete cfgflag_chat from here, if you want it in chat repeat it in RegisterChatCommands and add CFGFLAG_CHAT
01:23 < bridge> <kebscs> but the flag should work fine here too
01:23 < bridge> <kebscs> so idk
01:23 < bridge> <pluskz> i remember adding freely commands like this on my other mod, idk why it does not work now D:
01:44 < bridge> <pluskz> ok i found whats happening, it is just me being dumb
04:13 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @avolicious i think you forgot to update new maps section since 12 years
04:14 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1748484841.png
04:14 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1748484855.png
04:17 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @pluskz what dumb thing did you do?
04:31 < bridge> <ai_ghial> whats ws-client ;-;
04:32 < bridge> <Ewan> chiller's irc client
04:50 < bridge> <ai_ghial> oh
08:51 < bridge> <Assa> unfortunately we can't remove them due to downward compatability, because they _may_ affect physics. Yes this is stupid, in most cases they won't
10:40 < bridge> <learath2> > callee can mutate caller's local variables
10:40 < bridge> <learath2> 
10:40 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe I should get into healthcare software
10:43 < bridge> <Assa> does anybody know why I don't see the animation in #5802 in 19.2?
10:43 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/5802
10:44 < bridge> <Assa> I think there might be a setting, but wtf
10:54 < bridge> <Assa> is there a reason the player id is shown in plain text in the nameplates instead of a tag ðŸ˜¦
10:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> that is a 0.7 addition
11:07 < bridge> <robyt3> Try to bisect, there is no setting for AFK state
11:16 < bridge> <doubledipps> at what interval is the points of players on the website updated?
12:14 < bridge> <matodor> maybe voxel revert it :trollet:
12:46 < bridge> <kebscs> #10278 merge queue build failed
12:46 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10278
12:46 < bridge> <kebscs> rust :cammostripes:
12:49 < bridge> <meloÆž> in rust we trust
15:16 < bridge> <Ewan> somehow just saw the above screenshot. this whole exchange makes much more sense
15:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10148
15:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> seems like all od the features from this issue are implemented
15:18 < bridge> <pilonpl> seems like all of the features from this issue are implemented
15:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> "fck, oh shit such a obvious mistake, fck shit fck"
15:19 < bridge> <vappy19> Which website?
15:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> (well this is me when trying to find a bug)
15:20 < bridge> <milkeeycat> me trying to find a bug
15:20 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1377637800039415891/images.png?ex=6839b0ae&is=68385f2e&hm=34f9a572a7324b9244943416caea998abcd9dcb74bb409b8909834b23d7a1ed3&
15:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> me creating a pr, reviewing it after i make it, and seeing that every line is a bug
15:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1377643924922957874/image.png?ex=6839b663&is=683864e3&hm=a16a2baba2ca944cd1a02f755ec52b4533e61cf009fcd23b067451306c790853&
15:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> <https://youtu.be/tLdRBsuvVKc?t=471>
15:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> solly ruby enjoyer
16:01 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ruby made me cry
16:14 < bridge> <Ewan> rubby
16:22 < bridge> <gorp_tw> is this PR the same as the fast freeze TC feature?
16:22 < bridge> <gorp_tw> or similar
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tc only does the skin
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> idk if this deos
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> more
16:37 < bridge> <kebscs> idk whats fast freze tc
16:37 < bridge> <kebscs> i coded it from stratch, didnt look up anywhere
16:38 < bridge> <gorp_tw> prediction pro
16:45 < bridge> <gorp_tw> day 6 of trying to get eww widgets to look how I want
16:50 < bridge> <gorp_tw> FREEZEHAMMER REMOVED??
16:52 < bridge> <kebscs> yea, no fun allowed
16:53 < bridge> <gorp_tw> This is an extremely sad day
16:53 < bridge> <gorp_tw> yeah I know 19.2 been out but it matters today because i notice
16:53 < bridge> <gorp_tw> we need some easter eggs then
16:54 < bridge> <kebscs> been deleted like half a year ago
16:54 < bridge> <kebscs> nvm, 2 months ago
16:54 < bridge> <kebscs> #9949
16:54 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9949
16:55 < bridge> <gorp_tw> yeah but wasnt in official version til some weeks
16:55 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i didnt see this pr
16:55 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i would have rioted
17:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> i think i actually made an improvement to the editor
17:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1377662978941259868/ddnet-envelope-editor-before.png?ex=6839c821&is=683876a1&hm=3915da27596010b491154dca18df75c698cb6787be56c1195574388c3de59eb4&
17:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1377662979310620772/ddnet-envelope-editor-after.png?ex=6839c822&is=683876a2&hm=ae5f1fe059c4aa69518cbc75449e91ff4b8cd6e3d66fa4fe2ff39c8be8ddd72a&
17:04 < bridge> <gorp_tw> yeah buttons are way too tiny as it is
17:05 < bridge> <pilonpl> i guess i should make a pull request
17:05 < bridge> <pilonpl> i have never done that lol
17:06 < bridge> <gorp_tw> @kebscs for tunelock, will it work for things like elasticity that depend on the tiles? i assume all tunes are relative to the tee technically and if you are "in" a tune then it makes any interaction that way (like if you had a high speed and got bounced off a tile farther than you would normally expect)
17:06 < bridge> <gorp_tw> so I don't need to worry about some things not working with tunelock I guess is my question
17:07 < bridge> <gorp_tw> I'm now incredibly grateful that I procrastinated Volleyball 2 because I realize the map will be way better with it
17:09 < bridge> <gorp_tw> An example where I feel this is the case is when you have a tee at high speed, you need more tune zone away from the wall to get the bounce due to there being no tick next to the wall
17:10 < bridge> <kebscs> yes, my tunelock affects elasticity <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9793/files#diff-29ffe32916052e1066eed938021aadfeb29f855d7c63d9c1ca3350aceffb79f3L304>
17:16 < bridge> <robyt3> What if you have a lot of points though?
17:17 < bridge> <gorp_tw> cool, what about gravity
17:17 < bridge> <gorp_tw> sorry I'm on phone and lazy
17:17 < bridge> <kebscs> also
17:17 < bridge> <gorp_tw> fuck yeah
17:17 < bridge> <kebscs> basically everything except projectiles - shotgun speed etc
17:18 < bridge> <gorp_tw> gravity and bounce off ceiling options in Volleyball 2 with no extra space cost
17:19 < bridge> <soulyvevo> does it work with shotgun strength etc
17:20 < bridge> <kebscs> i dont remember
17:20 < bridge> <kebscs> if its related to projectile and not player, it usually didnt work
17:20 < bridge> <gorp_tw> :(
17:20 < bridge> <gorp_tw> would be nixe
17:20 < bridge> <gorp_tw> nice
17:21 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i guess now it sucks that lock isnt additive
17:21 < bridge> <gorp_tw> for my usecase XD
17:21 < bridge> <gorp_tw> but I think it's still better this way
17:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> you cant retroactively stop a sound or particle effect
17:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> so if prediction is wrong you are kinda fluffed
17:26 < bridge> <gorp_tw> is there any way to test ping to a server without downloading map?
17:27 < bridge> <gorp_tw> so it is recorded in the browser
17:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> or start playing/showing in the middle
17:27 < bridge> <gorp_tw> its been really annoying
17:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i thought thats whaty leak ip was meant to do
17:27 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but it doesnt ):
17:27 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i dont mind leaking my IP to these newer random servers, i just hate it incorrectly showing "NA" everywhere
17:27 < bridge> <gorp_tw> but when it's a really bad connection, it takes so long to dl map
17:28 < bridge> <gorp_tw> so i have to wait for that, if you leave early then it doesnt count the ping
17:28 < bridge> <gorp_tw> im not sure why ping wouldnt be calculable before map
17:30 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> `leak_ip_address_to_all_servers` I think is the command or something along those lines :D
17:30 < bridge> <gorp_tw> i mean, i still would like SOME control
17:30 < bridge> <gorp_tw> like clicking the ones im checking
17:30 < bridge> <gorp_tw> is there no middle ground to this
17:30 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> (I remembered it right)
17:31 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> funny command name
17:31 < bridge> <pilonpl> I guess that's why it is a single letter currently. The bigger buttons do look nice tho
17:44 < bridge> <louis> yeah idk why some servers incorrectly report as na
17:46 < bridge> <louis> its prediction for ur own tee only so it'll usually be correct
17:47 < bridge> <louis> also cant we stop sounds? how do map music stop after u change the map
17:49 < bridge> <kebscs> ofc can why not
17:49 < bridge> <kebscs> i thought to predict sound and if tick and position is same
17:49 < bridge> <kebscs> and within next few ticks server sends same sound
17:49 < bridge> <kebscs> just ignore it
18:16 < bridge> <kebscs> Sounds (events) have their position so it shouldn't be too hard if anyone wants to pick it up
18:49 < bridge> <Ewan> DDNet Bahrain: NA
18:49 < bridge> <Ewan> DDNet Brazil: NA
18:50 < bridge> <Ewan> Are u sure bud
18:50 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> more like N/A amirite
19:05 < bridge> <gorp_tw> ya its nuts
19:05 < bridge> <gorp_tw> sv_global_emoticon_ms_delay: wasnt this something else before? spam_emotes
19:05 < bridge> <gorp_tw> this is a better name but it breaks old compat
19:12 < bridge> <gorp_tw> and doesnt work
19:14 < bridge> <gorp_tw> nvm works
19:14 < bridge> <gorp_tw> sv_emoticon_ms_delay: wasnt this something else before? spam_emotes
19:25 < bridge> <robyt3> The delay was in seconds before. Keeping the old name would have silently changed the behavior instead of showing an error message.
19:36 < bridge> <gorp_tw> ye i understand, just caused some confusion when old stuff didnt work
20:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @avolicious https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.1748542819.png you owe me 41 points
20:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> bru 2h run
20:21 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Why do you ping avo every day bro
20:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> cuz there is server crashes every day
20:21 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> he has to be made aware
20:22 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Avo is as much KoG as QShar is KoG
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> was epic run kog is basically unplayable :/
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wot since when @Jupstar âœª ?
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i though qshar rq and avo runs the servers
20:22 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> avo pays the servers
20:22 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> he said that multiple times
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i didnt know
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so who decides to how many game servers get allocated on one host?
20:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> isnt that avo
20:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> he said its OOM
20:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> not spawning so many game servers that it runs into max memory seems a fixable problem to me
20:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> like*
20:24 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> enable swap
20:24 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so if avo doesnt run kog who does?
20:26 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> I dunno
20:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i guess that explains the situation xd
20:26 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> There are a few admins in kog discord
20:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> who?
20:26 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> kog is almost unplayable
20:27 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> I dunno them, but jore
20:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hard to commit to 4 hour runs with daily crashes
20:27 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> gummibaer
20:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> is he here?
20:27 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> lil cookie rq'd recently apparently
20:27 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> can we ping him?
20:27 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> feat
20:28 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> dunno how i can see ppl of a role
20:28 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> but they also have a development role
20:28 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> maybe you install discord and look yourself
20:28 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its more a hosting issue
20:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> avo said there is non mem leak
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> apparently they also have a ticket system
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> for technical issues
20:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ah nice
20:29 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> you could use that and have the right ppl see your problem
20:29 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> did ppl already opened some tickets?
20:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> well i obviously cannot see them
20:30 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> useless ticket system xd
20:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> well if you are serious about that you want to help fixing this issue
20:30 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> here i gave you all information required
20:31 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> now it's up to you
20:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes thanks
20:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but the up to you part sounds like "install discord"
20:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and trying to help kog never turned out well for me
20:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its not like i can do much
20:31 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> tja
20:31 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> that is what makes it so frustrating
20:33 < bridge> <gorp_tw> DUDE how are you so fast
20:35 < bridge> <kebscs> ðŸ˜‚
20:38 < bridge> <Ewan> kebs kind of a ddnet contributing machine
20:45 < bridge> <chillerdragon> When kebs maintainer
20:45 < bridge> <kebscs> when chiller maintainer
22:06 < bridge> <meloÆž> dont you think we suffered enough with 0.7 :c
22:57 < bridge> <vahemaaa> chillerdragon i wonder why you use irc, and different ones
22:57 < bridge> <Ewan> appropriately unhappy or cynical of discordâ€™s policies
22:58 < bridge> <Ewan> probably mainly just used to irc
23:18 < bridge> <Assa> @jupeyy_keks what do you mean by [this](https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10153#issuecomment-2918840617) ?
23:19 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> would be nice if instead of overloading maplayers, the menu background could use a rendermap object as a member var
23:22 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> havent checked that careful, but e.g. the background,foreground,full stuff could be refactored and not required anymore in long run
23:25 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Rn it feels like you mostly just moved code around, a refactor we could do is having proper calls to render_bg, render_physics, render_foreground.
23:25 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 
23:25 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> the bg maplayers and fg maplayers call their parts
23:25 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> 
23:25 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> a menubackground would call render_bg & render_fg but never render_phy
23:26 < bridge> <Jupstar âœª> Instead of having to force entities alpha off, we could then pass it cleanly as argument
23:54 < bridge> <Assa> Well would be easy to split it up rn, because it's already split between foreground and background ^^
