00:14 < bridge> <Teero> ```cpp
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> vec2 apply_anim(vec2 uv, vec3 anim, part_info_t part) {
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     vec2 offs = vec2(anim.x / 64.0, -anim.y / 64.0);
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     vec2 center = offs + part.place_offset + part.place_size * 0.5;
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> 
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     uv -= center;
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     uv = rotate(uv, -anim.z * 3.1415 * 2.0);
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     uv += center;
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> 
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     uv += offs;
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> 
00:14 < bridge> <Teero>     return uv;
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> }
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> ```
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> im so confused. the issue right now is that the rotation isn't happening from the center of the thing.
00:14 < bridge> <Teero> but this should be correct no?
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> (Sorry if it's not the correct place, I don't know where to ask. Also for information I'm a complete beginner) 
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> Hello, I'm trying to build Android on Linux (Ubuntu) with the [corresponding README](https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/scripts/android/README.md) and I have an error on the example `scripts/android/cmake_android.sh x86_64 DDNet org.ddnet.client Debug build-android-debug`  : 
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>    Compiling link-cplusplus v1.0.6
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>    Compiling ddnet-test v0.0.1 (/home/anquidiath/workspace/projects/ddnet/src/rust-bridge/test)
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> error[E0463]: can't find crate for `core`
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   |
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   = note: the `x86_64-linux-android` target may not be installed
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   = help: consider downloading the target with `rustup target add x86_64-linux-android`
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> error[E0463]: can't find crate for `compiler_builtins`
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> error[E0463]: can't find crate for `std`
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   |
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   = note: the `x86_64-linux-android` target may not be installed
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard>   = help: consider downloading the target with `rustup target add x86_64-linux-android`
00:23 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> I already tried `rustup target install x86_64-linux-android` : 
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard>  ~/w/projects/ddnet  master *2 ÓÇ∞ rustup default                            ÓÇ≤ ‚úî 
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> stable-x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu (default)
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard>  ~/w/projects/ddnet  master *2 ÓÇ∞ rustup target install x86_64-linux-android
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> info: component 'rust-std' for target 'x86_64-linux-android' is up to date
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> 
00:24 < bridge> <nawretard> Has anyone already encountered this issue?
00:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> (yes, idk what causes it or fixes it)
00:32 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @nawretard if possible you can test on pc then use ci to build for android, tclient has a fast-build.yml which may build android faster
00:36 < bridge> <nawretard> Ok, thanks, I'll try to dig a bit and your suggestion tomorrow
01:13 < bridge> <Ewan> you are targeting an x86 phone right?
01:43 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Those exist?!
02:02 < bridge> <peter0x44> not really
02:02 < bridge> <peter0x44> intel tried to do it long ago but it never went anywhere
06:15 < bridge> <blazulite> @louis.place What if we just make a poll for people to decide which sounds the community prefer
06:16 < bridge> <blazulite> In any case I can make more variants
06:16 < bridge> <blazulite> more teeworlds-fitting
06:16 < bridge> <louis> sure u make a town hall post and whatever ppl vote i can implement ig (original vs any new ones u or someone else implements)
06:16 < bridge> <louis> i guess choose 4 best options and poll it
06:17 < bridge> <louis> sure if youd like to make a town hall post and whatever ppl vote i can implement ig (original vs any new ones u or someone else implements)
06:17 < bridge> <blazulite> 'original'?
06:17 < bridge> <blazulite> there's an original sound?
06:17 < bridge> <louis> nah like just what i had originally, using that one teeworlds dink sound
06:17 < bridge> <blazulite> ohh
06:17 < bridge> <blazulite> can you send footage?
06:18 < bridge> <blazulite> of the target with that dink sound you talking about
06:23 < bridge> <blazulite> @louis.place https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/1417365122044661933 hey umm hahah umm... i dont have poll perms...
06:23 < bridge> <blazulite> https://tenor.com/view/dumb-cat-cheese-gif-9139989200570551013
06:23 < bridge> <blazulite> can u make the poll urself pwease,.,.,.
06:23 < bridge> <blazulite> I think making it last 3 days would be okay
06:24 < bridge> <blazulite> or smth near that
06:24 < bridge> <louis> https://discord.com/channels/252358080522747904/293493549758939136/1416559861587775580
06:25 < bridge> <louis> i think just use emojis for voting
06:26 < bridge> <blazulite> oh fair enough
06:26 < bridge> <louis> nvm i made a poll
06:26 < bridge> <blazulite> plus
06:26 < bridge> <blazulite> 
06:26 < bridge> <blazulite> there's 3 options ......................
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> not4
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> loll
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> ah
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> nvm
06:27 < bridge> <blazulite> nvm yeah true
09:06 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa yea I do not understand https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10890 it says "Feature" what is the feature?
09:07 < bridge> <Assa> automatic quad clipping was not implemented for rotating quads, now it is
09:07 < bridge> <Assa> that's the feature
09:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** for the users?
09:07 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** or for who?
09:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> morning
09:08 < bridge> <Assa> for rendering on client side
09:08 < bridge> <Assa> mornging ^^
09:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa i was somehow as a mapper and player never missing that feature
09:08 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** why would i care?
09:09 < bridge> <Assa> why care about performance?
09:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** clipping in the sense of its not visible outside of the clip region? But it does not even ever go there so it does nothing?
09:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** so its just performance?
09:09 < bridge> <Assa> it skips rendering outside of the screen, so it does a lot actually
09:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i just wanted to make sure i understand because i would not call performance a "feature"
09:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i see
09:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** jupstar approved it he should click merge
09:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can not make any sense of the code
09:10 < bridge> <Assa> talked with him yesterday, he just wanted you to take a second look before merging, so you could also merge
09:11 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** I do not want to be responsible merger for code i do not understand ._.
09:11 < bridge> <Assa> what part do you not understand, I can help you
09:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** the rendering and quad part
09:12 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i could test fps and send annoying nitpicks xd
09:12 < bridge> <Assa> I already provide benchmarks, but on the maps it showed no difference
09:13 < bridge> <Assa> you understand the part, where I calculate the bounding box and just add the rotating one if existing?
09:13 < bridge> <Assa> This is one of these things, I could easily solve with you in a vc
09:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** sounds good
09:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** we can do it later today
09:14 < bridge> <Assa> ‚ù§Ô∏è
09:14 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** But imo "performance" is its own category next to "feature"  :p
09:15 < bridge> <Assa> hmm ü§î  sometimes it's hard to draw some lines, but okay :p
09:15 < bridge> <Assa> yes, it's not a user facing feature in that sense
09:17 < bridge> <melon> it's a featured feat
09:18 < bridge> <melon> :nouis:
09:19 < bridge> <melon> it's a featured perf feat
09:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** woah i asked chartgpt to write me a program today and it did so bug free?
09:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** veri nice
09:28 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i can finally quit programming
09:28 < bridge> <termos220> –ö–∞–∫–æ–≥–æ —Ñ–∏–≥–∞ —É –º–µ–Ω—è –±–∞–Ω–ø—Ä–æ—Å—Ç–æ —Ç–∞–∫
09:29 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @termos220 on which server have you been banned? and which client do you use?
09:29 < bridge> <milkeeycat> read the channel description
09:41 < bridge> <termos220> –ù–∏–∫–∞–∫–æ–≥–æ
09:47 < bridge> <Assa> idk, for me it's also a feature. It adds something that wasn't present in order to accomplish something new
09:47 < bridge> <Assa> yes certainly also performance/optimization
10:44 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** imo feature is user facing. The user sees no new thing that was added.
11:22 < bridge> <Assa> the heinrich has awoken
11:22 < bridge> <Assa> contributors are shaking, as the leviathan watches carefully
11:30 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon is " üëç " a `yes please`?
11:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa kinda but im not heinrich :p but yes i would merge
11:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** "contributors are shaking, as the leviathan watches carefully"
11:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** fr
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @learath2 i think we are in need of some of these "more equal maintainers" xd
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** its epic standoff with kebso, rossbit vs heino, chiler
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10780 https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10787
11:38 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** risking a complete halt in a cold war
11:39 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** leaving UB on the MASTER BRANCH
11:59 < bridge> <learath2> I mean there wasn't a tie, you and heinrich agreed
11:59 < bridge> <learath2> I also chimed in
12:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omg lerato you typing faster made me look like a fool
12:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10832#issuecomment-3297351641
12:05 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i pressed enter 1s later
12:08 < bridge> <Assa> @chillerdragon pls also review 10927 as you are now assigned to it by law
12:43 < bridge> <Teero> I don't think he will
13:03 < bridge> <learath2> I would never intentionally do that
13:11 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @essigautomat: im here call me maybe
13:13 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> are gestures already suppoted damn
13:14 < bridge> <Assa> how do I call you? Where's your number, so I can call you maybe
13:15 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa https://call.element.io/room/#/gaming?password=02U5xG6EHpwhoFmr5pSCRA&roomId=%21cEGkxazStXyVtEcvrt%3Acall.ems.host
13:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon when ur done with assa what do you think of these rules for custom communities
13:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/SollyBunny/ddnet-custom-communities/blob/main/README.md
13:44 < bridge> <learath2> I wouldn't require that they host ddnet servers specifically
13:45 < bridge> <totar> I think that's accidently implied
13:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ^
13:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i would prefer ddnet based servers over vanilla (see ddnet-insta)
13:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> but i dont think its required for a community
13:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ill change it to game servers
13:50 < bridge> <blazulite> having chillerdragon and assa talking in the background while not knowing if they're speaking in german or english is awesome sauce
13:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> good background noise
13:51 < bridge> <blazulite> hell yeah
13:52 < bridge> <blazulite> hi robyt3
13:52 < bridge> <blazulite> and hi solly
13:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> robyt?
13:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> wheres roby?
13:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> hi roby i see u typing
13:52 < bridge> <blazulite> he's there
13:52 < bridge> <blazulite> see
13:52 < bridge> <robyt3> Communities won't be handled over GitHub. I have it on my TODO list to work on the community rules this or next week.
13:52 < bridge> <blazulite> i knew it
13:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ermm but its been so long
13:53 < bridge> <blazulite> did chillerdragon just say gyatt
13:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> either way if it takes you forever you can transfer whatever gets added to the gh to whatever u want
13:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> also you said "rules" so i pressume that means not code
13:54 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which is the thing im doing rn
13:54 < bridge> <learath2> What is there to code? Are you finishing up heinrich's community support for the masterserver?
13:54 < bridge> <robyt3> I already restructued the website for this so the community rules can be added under https://ddnet.org/rules/community
13:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> no üëÄ
13:55 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> a seperate url for communities
13:55 < bridge> <learath2> That's what kinda sidetracked communities. Just need to automate it a little and it's done
13:56 < bridge> <learath2> Well I guess there was a small disagreement on the rules early on where we considered only allowing open source mods
13:56 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> that isnt really enforcable
13:57 < bridge> <learath2> Why would it not be?
13:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how do you know the server is runn ing the same code that is open source
13:58 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i guess you just have to catch them out
14:00 < bridge> <learath2> Exactly. But anyway, we decided against that
14:13 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @robyt3 come vc
14:37 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa  https://mmmds.pl/fuzzing-map-parser-part-1-teeworlds/
15:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> got auto mounting and fat12 support
15:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417498648626991174/image.png?ex=68cab3fd&is=68c9627d&hm=19e161d6c904f2644db85343b835e8cd3cbbd6c5194181f1825517f0b524f997&
15:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> to inspect boot partition xd
15:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.apple.com/os/macos/
15:27 < bridge> <learath2> Fat12?
15:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah
15:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> sgdisk or some command i have to make the limine partition used it
15:33 < bridge> <learath2> Actually never heard of fat12 used for anything, curious
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```make
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> $(IMAGE_NAME).iso: limine/limine kernel
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki>     rm -rf iso_root
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mkdir -p iso_root/boot
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cp -v kernel/kernel iso_root/boot/
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mkdir -p iso_root/boot/limine
15:35 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cp -v limine.conf iso_root/boot/limine/
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mkdir -p iso_root/EFI/BOOT
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cp -v limine/limine-bios.sys limine/limine-bios-cd.bin limine/limine-uefi-cd.bin iso_root/boot/limine/
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cp -v limine/BOOTX64.EFI iso_root/EFI/BOOT/
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cp -v limine/BOOTIA32.EFI iso_root/EFI/BOOT/
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     xorriso -as mkisofs -b boot/limine/limine-bios-cd.bin \
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>         -no-emul-boot -boot-load-size 4 -boot-info-table \
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>         --efi-boot boot/limine/limine-uefi-cd.bin \
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>         -efi-boot-part --efi-boot-image --protective-msdos-label \
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>         iso_root -o $(IMAGE_NAME).iso
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     ./limine/limine bios-install $(IMAGE_NAME).iso
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     rm -rf iso_root
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd: limine/limine kernel
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     rm -f $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     dd if=/dev/zero bs=1M count=0 seek=128 of=$(IMAGE_NAME).hdd
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     sgdisk $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd -n 1:2048 -t 1:ef00
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     ./limine/limine bios-install $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mformat -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mmd -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M ::/EFI ::/EFI/BOOT ::/boot ::/boot/limine
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mcopy -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M kernel/kernel ::/boot
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mcopy -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M limine.conf ::/boot/limine
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mcopy -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M limine/limine-bios.sys ::/boot/limine
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mcopy -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M limine/BOOTX64.EFI ::/EFI/BOOT
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki>     mcopy -i $(IMAGE_NAME).hdd@@1M limine/BOOTIA32.EFI ::/EFI/BOOT
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 this is how i make the image, first is a iso file second a normal image disk
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> im using first now and it uses fat12
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.162942] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> MBR found on device 1
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.163098] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> Found 3 MBR partitions:
15:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.163243] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> ID  Start LBA    End LBA      Size (MB)    Type                 FS         Name
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.163496] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.163811] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> 0   64           127          0            NTFS                 ISO9660    MBR Partition 1 (NTFS)
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.164125] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> 1   128          5887         2            EFI System           FAT12      MBR Partition 2 (EFI System)
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> [0.164418] <cpu-0:fs:k:4> 2   5888         47451        20           NTFS                 Unknown    MBR Partition 3 (NTFS)
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
15:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is for the cd/rom floppy thingy
15:38 < bridge> <learath2> I thought isos usually contained ISO9660 file system
15:39 < bridge> <learath2> The file system that inspired the "iso file" thing in the first place üòÑ
15:39 < bridge> <ryozuki> the first partition is that fs xd
15:40 < bridge> <ryozuki> but its like a few kb
15:42 < bridge> <learath2> So is fat12 a choice limine made? I'm guessing the isofs has to contain the actual bootable part for bios support
15:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk i think its something with xorriso
15:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> with hdd, mformat defaults to fat16, i added a -F now and its fat32
15:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> using the .hdd option i can inspect more stuff cuz its all fat
15:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417506260558942249/image.png?ex=68cabb14&is=68c96994&hm=4c3c8b6c0444e87ec3b3d7c50608bd76686380d96787fbc1395c7f6e68b1acb3&
15:58 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Assa yay update+reinstall fixed lsp! Now I can differentiate array creation and array indexing again <:monkalaugh:757185761840857109> 
15:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://godotengine.org/releases/4.5/
16:00 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) lol these rules will for sure not work for someone xd
16:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** some people will have to rent a new server just to pass requirements even if it makes no sense 
16:03 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** also why spam game servers if you have one active server with 128 slots
16:04 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) but hey cool that you do something! also the json is epic. Move it out of your personal acc into some org and it can already be used
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Solly (bun bun) also make sure to lint and format the json in the CI as early as possible to avoid refactor diffs later
16:09 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** `jq` is bae
16:10 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** is the shape from ddnet? looks like the servers are part of the icon??? xd
16:11 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> sure
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon 
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> >  is the shape from ddnet? looks like the servers are part of the icon??? xd
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yep its dumb
16:18 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** such trollers
16:19 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** are you sure? how did that pass review?
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/.d904e414-7ba7-4e38-9507-b9d47ed640d4.png
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** omg yes
16:20 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** wtf
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> im sure becuase my implementation doesnt parse it
16:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** `"icon": { "servers": {} }`
16:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** i would like to speak to the manager please
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @qxdfox btw i segfualted
16:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @louis hey mr ddnet admin what happend here?
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> btw do u know how to myu my impl better
16:21 < bridge> <qxdfox> theres still one??
16:21 < bridge> <qxdfox> gosh
16:21 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** segfaulter
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its due to mine
16:21 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> its due to custom communtiies i think
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/sjrc6/TaterClient-ddnet/commits
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/sjrc6/TaterClient-ddnet/commit/3d42be9d81de397d405f29b1f0eadf7ba0eaf6cf
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://github.com/sjrc6/TaterClient-ddnet/commit/3d42be9d81de397d405f29b1f0eadf7ba0eaf6cf
16:22 < bridge> <qxdfox> I mean
16:22 < bridge> <qxdfox> 3 tests failed
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> those r probably style
16:22 < bridge> <qxdfox> one of them being start client
16:22 < bridge> <qxdfox> crazy
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> oh wait wha
16:22 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> shit
16:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> anyone know wat -11 means
16:23 < bridge> <qxdfox> why did you change this?
16:23 < bridge> <qxdfox> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417516324984197200/image.png?ex=68cac474&is=68c972f4&hm=cc69aeef71c12eae6df4b4d2483159ce493bc891c8de33ebcba353c91b89cdeb&
16:23 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> look at it all
16:24 < bridge> <robyt3> #8132
16:24 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8132
16:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> i have to merge my ones and the ddnet ones
16:24 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> they come from different sources
16:26 < bridge> <qxdfox> segfault
16:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> amazing
16:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> well ive got tcleint currently paused in debugger
16:26 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> \;
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```cpp
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if(g_Config.m_TcAutoVoteWhenFar && (MapVote || RandomMapVote))
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> {
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     int RaceTime = 0;
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>     if(GameClient()->m_Snap.m_pGameInfoObj->m_GameStateFlags & GAMESTATEFLAG_RACETIME)
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)>         RaceTime = (Client()->GameTick(g_Config.m_ClDummy) + GameClient()->m_Snap.m_pGameInfoObj->m_WarmupTimer) / Client()->GameTickSpeed();
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> 
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ```
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> segfualt happens here anywya
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which isnt me coe
16:28 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> which isnt me code
16:33 < bridge> <cellegenrih> The engine's performance has been increased by around 15% since 4.4 and with other forks, it's been increased on 2D / 3D environments by a whopping 30%
16:33 < bridge> <cellegenrih> So in the future, if 4.6 would include many cherry picks that Godot forks have right now, it'll be even faster
16:35 < bridge> <Assa> you need to check if the snap exists
16:35 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> yis have fixed
16:51 < bridge> <thrava> I met some problem implementing separated tuning params, when I use separated tuning params for players in the same team(in this case, me and my dummy), the prediction went wrong, but when I change another team, the prediction was back to normal
16:51 < bridge> <thrava> I think the problem is on the snapping
16:53 < bridge> <thrava> But how did the same logic behavior in two different way?
16:54 < bridge> <thrava> At least I haven't seen any logic related to team in Snap() function of CCharacter
16:59 < bridge> <thrava> ```
16:59 < bridge> <thrava>   CTuningParams m_aTuneBuf[2]; // Original m_aTuning
16:59 < bridge> <thrava>   CTuningParams *m_aTunings[MAX_CLIENTS];
16:59 < bridge> <thrava>   CTuningParams *CGameWorld::Tuning(int Index) { return &(m_Core.m_aTuneBuf[0]=*m_Core.m_aTunings[Index]); }
16:59 < bridge> <thrava> ```
16:59 < bridge> <thrava> Basically this is the core modification
17:01 < bridge> <thrava> Pointers in `m_Core.m_aTunings[]`  is set to point to CTuningParams in a array in CGameContext, this array also replaced the original m_aTuning in CGameContext
17:05 < bridge> <thrava> This modification works normally when using team separated tunings, and up to player separated tunings when they are in different teams, but fails in client predicting when they are in the same team
17:11 < bridge> <kebscs> in a custom mod or what are you asking?
17:13 < bridge> <thrava> this, I'm adjusting the ddrace mode
17:13 < bridge> <thrava> this, I'm adjusting the ddrace mode to add custom features
17:18 < bridge> <thrava> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417530030959100046/screenshot.mp4?ex=68cad137&is=68c97fb7&hm=ce582feeb41b0be7f0d01bb5f54e92f22b100af3485e7a464bde6ca90dbaa993&
17:19 < bridge> <louis> what does the interval on this mean?
17:19 < bridge> <louis> `NetIntRange("m_Team", 'TEAM_SPECTATORS', 'TEAM_BLUE')`
17:19 < bridge> <louis> is team_blue the max team
17:20 < bridge> <kebscs> yes
17:20 < bridge> <louis> wtf ok lol
17:20 < bridge> <kebscs> ```
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs> enum
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs> {
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs>     TEAM_SPECTATORS=-1,
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs>     TEAM_RED,
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs>     TEAM_BLUE,
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs>     NUM_TEAMS,
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs> };
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs> ```
17:21 < bridge> <kebscs> so -1 to 1
17:21 < bridge> <louis> wait uhh
17:21 < bridge> <louis> i need ddrace team though
17:21 < bridge> <louis> to play the sound w/ correct volume in a specific team if /showothers is enabled
17:22 < bridge> <kebscs> teams arent in snapshot i think
17:22 < bridge> <louis> ok so i just use clientid
17:27 < bridge> <kebscs> yea on client side you get a Sv_TeamsState, not a snapshot
17:27 < bridge> <kebscs> yea on client side you get a Sv_TeamsState, not a snapshot for teams
17:30 < bridge> <kebscs> how does the /tune command work? the tunings arent per player but per zone
17:30 < bridge> <kebscs> editing tunes with rcon also isnt properly predicted if you arent in the same zone thats being edited
17:34 < bridge> <thrava> So I made it per player
17:34 < bridge> <thrava> or per team
17:34 < bridge> <kebscs> wont be properly predicted
17:34 < bridge> <kebscs> only way to currently do it is use tune override
17:34 < bridge> <kebscs> you can check tune lock tile for example
17:34 < bridge> <kebscs> you can check tune lock tile pr for example
17:35 < bridge> <thrava> But it works perfectly under team separating mode
17:35 < bridge> <thrava> It have two mode, separate tunings by team, or by player
17:37 < bridge> <thrava> As you can see, even it is already set to player-separated tuning, and me and my dummy have different tunings, but it still works when me and my dummy in different teams
17:38 < bridge> <kebscs> maybe hes just not predicted when hes on different team
17:39 < bridge> <thrava> I'm going to test it under players with different IP
17:40 < bridge> <thrava> But I guess I will get the same result
17:40 < bridge> <kebscs> test with higher cl_prediction_margin
17:41 < bridge> <thrava> what is this
17:42 < bridge> <thrava> worsen
17:44 < bridge> <thrava> It get worse when cl_prediction_margin get higher
17:46 < bridge> <thrava> NO
17:47 < bridge> <thrava> Turn off anti-ping, then solved
17:48 < bridge> <thrava> But in my memory, turn off anti-ping doesn't mean not predicting at all
17:51 < bridge> <thrava> No I misunderstand, the anti-ping seems do decide the prediction on other players
17:54 < bridge> <louis> oh okay the entire team mask shit for target switches was wrong
17:54 < bridge> <louis> zzz
17:57 < bridge> <louis> i don't really understand how this all works
17:58 < bridge> <louis> how does showothers get information about other team events from the server
17:59 < ChillerDragon> how good is it if i saw a visible 1cm ish big spark coming out of my pc's powersupply when i turned it on?
17:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i can tell you a story
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> monkas
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> bequit support refused to replace my psu. same problem.
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> then i filmed it and suddenly they shifted their tone completely
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> so do the same. film it, and write the support
18:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if you house burns bcs of them probs nice for them hehe
18:01 < bridge> <0xdeen> I wouldn't even turn it on, bad PSUs can be horrible trouble for all your components (and yourself)
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417541403772194966/VID_20190620_074349.mp4?ex=68cadbcf&is=68c98a4f&hm=fac049d3604486bf18b0dfea56fbb4dacbc57d2a197b79f8df822654cf1bd1df&
18:04 < bridge> <louis> damn üíÄ
18:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> it still worked btw. was just when turning on
18:07 < bridge> <Teero> woah XD
18:07 < bridge> <manikoo> be careful
18:07 < bridge> <Teero> skin rendering is perfect now jupsti, except no mipmaps and no hand rendering
18:07 < bridge> <Teero> will add later
18:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> feet_x: 200.0
18:09 < bridge> <refors.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1141990897156886600/1414682709397213318/image.png?ex=68c07571&is=68bf23f1&hm=7dcd04ced2343ef67b80e07b81cfb9a51784e4a6e65cb05abe825943934e0ed6&
18:09 < bridge> <refors.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1141990897156886600/1407198351899889745/image.png?ex=68a53b17&is=68a3e997&hm=e3c6725f33e44d8776b159d26f97505e987cb74d686497b3f42e406b0fdb0f8f&
18:09 < bridge> <refors.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1141990897156886600/1407198367494307892/image.png?ex=68a53b1b&is=68a3e99b&hm=310f286db2b545dfb46f6e67064ebb33b360a4c56de2f29ecf517b843006f75f&
18:09 < bridge> <refors.> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1141990897156886600/1407198388818153512/image.png?ex=68a53b20&is=68a3e9a0&hm=ea8a1525f2ef469cf0bbd649694827cd9e3113f3375607937a5365d5278607d5& @everyone
18:09 < bridge> <Teero> damn
18:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 10100 rubel? that's what i earn when shitting bro
18:11 < bridge> <Teero> 121‚Ç¨ xd
18:11 < bridge> <Teero> 102‚Ç¨ xd
18:12 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @Discord Mod
18:13 < bridge> <learath2> Maybe it's real and we have just been gatekeeping people from real wealth by deleting these posts
18:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> true, we are the evil ones
18:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 i didnt know fat12 existed till today
18:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> it uses 1.5 bytes
18:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> i wanna think a design for edfs
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> the main filesystem for my os
18:14 < bridge> <learath2> I only knew that it existed, nothing more. It's just a subtitle on the wikipedia page as far as I know üòÑ
18:15 < bridge> <learath2> Do you want to try something novel or are you more interested in the implementation challanges?
18:15 < bridge> <learath2> If you aren't looking for novel, btrees are pretty much the endgame
18:16 < bridge> <ryozuki> not novel, something that is better than fat, somewhat posix compliant (users, perms) and not too hard to implement
18:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> im not looking to make the fastest fs xD just something that works but i dont want to learn ext4
18:17 < bridge> <learath2> ext3 is where things start to get very complex
18:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> if i do smth i created i feel it will be easier to implement
18:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> is the tricky part journaling?
18:17 < bridge> <learath2> ext2 is quite simple to implement
18:17 < bridge> <learath2> Yep journaling makes it really annoying to reason about things
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> mm maybe i should look into it, i guess it doesnt have journaling
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> but then again why not make my own xd
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Journaling_file_system
18:21 < bridge> <learath2> No reason not to, quite fun to design one
18:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elevator_algorithm
18:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh
18:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is irrelevant for ssds
18:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> when will ssd prices drop again ü´†
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> i also need to look into nvme
18:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you dont have one?
18:25 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> sick
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> i mean driver
18:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> were you living under a stone the last 8 years xD
18:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> oh
18:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> i have 3 nvme ssds in my pc xd
18:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xdd
18:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> do you want real hardware support @ryozuki ?
18:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> AHCI: fixed 32 outstanding commands per port.
18:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
18:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> NVMe: scalable, up to billions, but practically thousands per queue, distributed across CPUs for parallelism.
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> i think i have real hardware support for AHCI, and some other stuff
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> like HPET, PIC, X2APIC
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> MSI
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> pci
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> im not doing anything that is qemu specific like virtio and friends
18:34 < bridge> <thrava> I give up, I tried to manually copy tuning params to the CharCore.m_Tuning, in the CGameContext::OnTick, CCharacter::Snap(),Tick(), basically every write operation related to CharCore.m_Tuing have been changed at least once, but no one works
18:35 < bridge> <thrava> The client just keep predict it wrong
18:35 < bridge> <thrava> I can only think that the server have already sent the correct m_Tuning in CharacterCore of other characters, but the client just don't use it
18:36 < bridge> <qxdfox> are you using tune overrides?
18:36 < bridge> <thrava> what is tune overrides?
18:36 < bridge> <qxdfox> m_TuneZoneOverride
18:36 < bridge> <louis> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/8959
18:37 < bridge> <qxdfox> Im pretty sure thats what you need for whatever youre trying to do
18:37 < bridge> <qxdfox> I didnt read much
18:46 < bridge> <thrava> Thanks this is really helpful
18:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** @Jupstar ‚ú™ its like 12yo pc xd
18:46 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** nobody is gonna support me there
18:47 < ChillerDragon> deen scared me i disconnected the power xd
18:47 < bridge> <thrava> But I still confuse about why per-player tuning works normally with anti-ping when players in different team but fails when players in the same team
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the fugging video should scare you
18:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> if my ground would be dead dry, it would just start to burn
18:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** urs is bigger than mine
18:48 < ws-client> **<ChillerDragon>** why is ur drunk video upside down btw?
18:48 < bridge> <louis> nice theres a segfault somewhere in my code
18:49 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i dunno it's from 2019
18:49 < bridge> <louis> @robyt3 abt ur ninja comment
18:49 < bridge> <louis> i didn't test it thoroughly at all but it 'looks' like the ninja behavior has an effect in scenarios like this
18:50 < bridge> <louis> my guess is they're getting hit multiple times in a row since they don't get added to the objectsHit array which is why they have so much upwards velocity? but idk
19:09 < bridge> <kebscs> probably
19:09 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1417557945121767526/image.png?ex=68caeb37&is=68c999b7&hm=d5c5b5adae5aad9a902064f8a16bcdb3e47b48839ea2d9bd24e1629af22bc849&
19:09 < bridge> <kebscs> why is it only 10
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> shouldnt be a problem to up this array to max_clients
19:10 < bridge> <kebscs> i can make a pr :)
19:11 < bridge> <rehoboamrulit> Who knows how much PPS 64 players consume on the server
19:11 < bridge> <rehoboamrulit> Packets per second
19:11 < bridge> <rehoboamrulit> I need to set up ddos protection
19:12 < bridge> <louis> @kebscs do u know how i get character id given a CCharacter
19:15 < bridge> <kebscs> getcid?
19:16 < bridge> <louis> im just doing ->GetCore().m_Id lol
19:16 < bridge> <louis> theres no getcid on server side ccharacter it seems like
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> ah server side
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> i was looking client side xd GetCid
19:20 < bridge> <kebscs> server side there is pChr->GetPlayer()->GetCid()
19:22 < bridge> <filoqcus> DDos will send hundreds of small packets to your server, for example 10-12
19:22 < bridge> <filoqcus> Due to packet ‚Äúlimit,‚Äù some players may experience ping issues.
19:22 < bridge> <filoqcus> Due to packet ‚Äúlimit,‚Äù some players may experience ping issues
19:23 < bridge> <filoqcus> :omo:
19:27 < bridge> <learath2> `GetPlayer()->GetCid()` is probably more common
19:53 < bridge> <kebscs> how to make debug dummies stop moving?
19:53 < ChillerDragon> u all nob
19:53 < ChillerDragon> u can do `GetId()` 
19:54 < ChillerDragon> doing `GetPlayer()->GetCid()` is common but weird xd
19:57 < ChillerDragon> its the id of the enitity which will also be snapped. Yes its not called cid but id but its the same thing oO
19:58 < bridge> <robyt3> Only possible by changing their input in `CServer::UpdateDebugDummies`
20:04 < bridge> <louis> ChillerDragon: that segfaulted me
20:05 < bridge> <louis> i was trying to do pOwnerChar->GetId() for a gun bullet projectile, idk why it didnt work
20:09 < bridge> <Teero> bullets are also the moving bullets from the map. the pOwnerChar is null for them
20:10 < bridge> <Teero> do
20:10 < bridge> <Teero> `if(pOwnerChar)`
20:10 < bridge> <louis> uh oh
20:11 < bridge> <louis> ye i didnt check those. actually it would be nice if they toggled the targets :thonk:
20:11 < bridge> <learath2> Tru, smartdragon
20:11 < bridge> <learath2> Actually very cool, I wonder if you could use it as a clock for a computer
20:11 < bridge> <Teero> lol, we can do timers then
20:13 < bridge> <learath2> You could probably use a tee for a timer too, a tee falling in a teleporter loop will hit a switch at a set rate after it hits the terminal velocity üòõ
20:14 < bridge> <Teero> terminal velocity is 9375 blocks per second lmao.
20:14 < bridge> <learath2> A veeery long tube üòõ
20:15 < bridge> <learath2> Do make the map bullets activate them it could be used for some very cool stuff imo
20:16 < bridge> <kebscs> :f3:
20:17 < bridge> <pioooooo> https://ddnet.org/maps/Machine/
20:17 < bridge> <louis> ye i think the behavior is already possible but it would just not require a dummy now
20:18 < bridge> <louis> theres probably some crazy thing someone will find with the blue arrows and moving bullets though
20:19 < bridge> <melon> @teero777 go find
20:32 < bridge> <Teero> blue arrows?
20:33 < bridge> <Teero> ahhh
20:33 < bridge> <Teero> okay
20:33 < bridge> <Teero> those dont work with bullets though
20:36 < bridge> <louis> they do w the targets tho
20:36 < bridge> <Teero> fuck you
20:37 < bridge> <Teero> dont take it personally
20:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> :banhammer:
20:48 < bridge> <melon> gg you mentioned modded servers
20:48 < bridge> <melon> 
20:48 < bridge> <melon> #7777 <a:ban:853008752004694066>
20:48 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
20:48 < bridge> <melon> gg you mentioned modded servers /s
20:48 < bridge> <melon> 
20:48 < bridge> <melon> #7777 <a:ban:853008752004694066>
20:48 < bridge> <kebscs> 7777 is about changes that give no advantage to ddnet but only to mods
20:48 < bridge> <kebscs> this is for submitted ddnet features
20:48 < bridge> <kebscs> not just mods
21:21 < bridge> <pioooooo> teehistorian bump i assume
21:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://mail.openjdk.org/pipermail/announce/2025-September/000360.html
21:33 < bridge> <Ewan> neat
21:33 < bridge> <Ewan> 32 bit is finally ending
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> Hello, yesterday I had this issue where I couldn't successfuly build the Android version.
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> For instance, that command `scripts/android/cmake_android.sh x86_64 DDNet org.ddnet.client Debug build-android-debug` failed with this message : 
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> error[E0463]: can't find crate for `std`
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard>   |
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard>   = note: the `x86_64-linux-android` target may not be installed
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard>   = help: consider downloading the target with `rustup target add x86_64-linux-android`
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> 
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> I found the root cause for me and I can now successfuly build it, so this post is to share it.
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard>  
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> It was because I first followed the [main ddnet guide](https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet?tab=readme-ov-file), where I executed that command : 
22:07 < bridge> <nawretard> `sudo apt install build-essential cargo cmake ... rustc ...`
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> 
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> Then, in the [dedicated guide for Android](https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/master/scripts/android/README.md), Rustup was required, so I [installed it the recommended way](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) , but I had a warning that I ignored.
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard>  ~/w/p/ddnet  master *2 !1 ?1 ÓÇ∞ curl --proto '=https' --tlsv1.2 -sSf https://sh.rustup.rs | sh
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> info: downloading installer
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: It looks like you have an existing installation of Rust at:
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: /usr/bin
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: It is recommended that rustup be the primary Rust installation.
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: Otherwise you may have confusion unless you are careful with your PATH.
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: If you are sure that you want both rustup and your already installed Rust
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: then please reply `y' or `yes' or set RUSTUP_INIT_SKIP_PATH_CHECK to yes
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> warn: or pass `-y' to ignore all ignorable checks.
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> error: cannot install while Rust is installed
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> 
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> Continue? (y/N)                                     ### Of course I pressed yes
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> ```
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> 
22:08 < bridge> <nawretard> Everything is in this warning, there were 2 concurrent installations of Rust, so some things were broken.
22:15 < bridge> <melon> I still think we should remove rust(c) and advice people to just use rustup to install the toolchain, or provide a toolchain.toml (not sure if we do, can't check that rn)
22:16 < bridge> <melon> I still think we should remove rustc and cargo and advise people to just use rustup to install the toolchain and compiler, or provide a toolchain.toml (not sure if we do, can't check that rn)
22:17 < bridge> <melon> I still think we should remove rustc and cargo and advise people to just use rustup to install the toolchain and compiler and provide a toolchain.toml (not sure if we do, can't check that rn)
22:17 < bridge> <melon> 
22:17 < bridge> <melon> I wonder if that could fix the gnu = msvc issue too
22:17 < bridge> <melon> I still think we should remove rustc and cargo and advise people to just use rustup to install the toolchain and compiler, and provide a toolchain.toml (not sure if we do, can't check that rn)
22:17 < bridge> <melon> 
22:17 < bridge> <melon> I wonder if that could fix the gnu = msvc issue too
22:19 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yay @louis.place is adding more projectile owner bugs before we get interact state :/
22:41 < bridge> <louis> chillerdragon: ur maintainer just merge ur own pr üß†
22:49 < bridge> <melon> Ackthually maintainers don't merge their own PR's ü§ì
