00:17 < bridge> <kebscs> some servers restarted and are on preinput pr :D
00:30 < bridge> <kebscs> well if someone else is on prediction margin 10 it doesnt do anything
00:30 < bridge> <kebscs> maybe needs flush from <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10412>
00:33 < bridge> <kebscs> yea on lan with flush some are unpacked
08:54 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs we tested old vs new unique race mod, measured times in milliseconds and compared. Turns out tune zones are now applied one tick earlier?
08:54 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs we tested old vs new unique race mod, measured times in milliseconds and compared. Turns out tune zones are now applied one tick earlier in ddnet?
09:19 < bridge> <Assa> bottom is faster.
09:19 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387331282446323743/screenshot_2025-06-25_09-18-15.png?ex=685cf471&is=685ba2f1&hm=358c0eb782fc7f80367e4c079ab528c36c1479b2734b8acdda0e4fde54b3c002&
09:19 < bridge> <Assa> doesn't make sense
09:21 < bridge> <Assa> tune zone shouldn't even do anything to speed or inputs
09:25 < bridge> <Assa> @kebscs we tested old vs new unique race mod, measured times in milliseconds and compared. Turns out ~~tune zones are now applied one tick earlier in ddnet~~ I have no idea why?
09:25 < bridge> <Assa> removing the last two tune zone blocks infront of the finish seems to fix it
09:41 < bridge> <kebscs> Isn't it bcs it's touching the finish line?
09:41 < bridge> <Assa> yes it is, but why should this be a problem?
09:42 < bridge> <kebscs> Wasnt it something like that it hitbox gets bigger if it touches something
09:42 < bridge> <lolkildal> as i know freeze have same logic
09:42 < bridge> <kebscs> I remember someone saying it in discord
09:42 < bridge> <chairn> yeah, it also works with freeze tile
09:42 < bridge> <Assa> janky hack mate
09:42 < bridge> <chairn> if you align on finish tile boundary and jump into freeze tile, it will finish
09:43 < bridge> <chairn> afaik, it is written voluntarily like that in the code
09:44 < bridge> <Assa> could sb. pinpoint me to the location, where this is done?
09:45 < bridge> <Assa> backwards compat is a karen again
09:53 < bridge> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/a937a723aab7a1978399453f9c19c352c4ccfe02/src/game/server/gamemodes/DDRace.cpp#L93
09:53 < bridge> <kebscs> Maybe the proximity thing
09:53 < bridge> <kebscs> You can check
09:56 < bridge> <totar> is it this one? https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/3502
09:59 < bridge> <Assa> oh I have an idea why
09:59 < bridge> <Assa> ~~oh I have an idea why~~
10:02 < bridge> <zhn> afair fudgy also mentioned it in unique discord
10:02 < bridge> <zhn> or someone else
10:03 < bridge> <Assa> either I am able to "fix" this, or we have to reset a number of maps if we upgrade
10:05 < bridge> <kebscs> Don't fix if old bug
10:05 < bridge> <kebscs> But I'm curious what caused it
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> i know what caused it, removing the proximity check "fixed" it
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> we skip air, if the index is 0
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> but, even if the current middle index air is 0, the proximity checks might not be
10:14 < bridge> <Assa> but if we're not in air, but in tune, we don't skip
10:19 < bridge> <kebscs> do you have a commit that introduced it?
10:19 < bridge> <Assa> no, but a place where air is skipped
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> GetMapIndices() in collision.cpp
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> ```
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> if(TileExists(Index) && LastIndex != Index)
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>             {
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>                 if(MaxIndices && vIndices.size() > MaxIndices)
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>                     return vIndices;
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>                 vIndices.push_back(Index);
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>                 LastIndex = Index;
10:20 < bridge> <Assa>             }
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> ```
10:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @essigautomat If you really want to fix this issue you'd need to analyse how many maps have non-solid tiles next to finish & start line
10:20 < bridge> <Assa> because TileExists returns false
10:20 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's most likely we won't fix it
10:21 < bridge> <Assa> I know, I am currently introducing a config variable for the mod
10:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's funny that we have quirks like this isn't it?
10:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I always wonder what the original author thought about these parts
10:22 < bridge> <Assa> I must say, since I debugged this
10:22 < bridge> <Assa> this goes through like 5 different functions and 3 classes
10:23 < bridge> <Assa> I think the author didn't have the mental capacity to do this in the head, neither do I
10:23 < bridge> <kebscs> is there no tests for the collision classes
10:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Maybe, hard to say. I dunno if the original author introduced it or e.g. the refactor that tater linked, but he must have thought: I want finish tiles with bigger radius (kill tiles like) and I'd assume he at least tested that once xD
10:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> And then he should have noticed it
10:34 < bridge> <Assa> I posted the "fix" to the issue, so that I know in 8 years what the issue was xD
10:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> So you are saying in old ddnet versions it was not the case?
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> > I hope this made no sense at all.
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> > thanks for your interest in ddrace quirks.
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:37 < bridge> <Assa> Jupey you good? D:
10:38 < bridge> <Assa> yes, since the mod I am porting is based on ddnet 7 years ago, it wasn't the case back then :justatest:
10:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Interesting, did you do the blame?
10:38 < bridge> <Assa> on the plus side, you were just able to finish FASTER not slower
10:38 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yes and you?
10:38 < bridge> <Assa> need more coffee in my system
10:42 < bridge> <Assa> this looks like a candiate: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/f7dfd8c9b9b5476e72db66de9305d65917c523d6
10:42 < bridge> <Assa> no, this is just a refactor
10:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The proximity stuff exists since ever and the `GetMapIndices` -> `HandleTiles` too
10:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `TileExists` too
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @essigautomat are you sure you used a version that already supports tunes?
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
10:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Or in other words if you use a different tile than tunes, does it really not happen on old servers?
10:47 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Even the tune check is since at least 11 years xD
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> I found it in the diff, meaning the mod introduced the change
10:48 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Alright
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> meaning the mod "fixed" it
10:49 < bridge> <Assa> so this bug has probably always been a problem since whatever years
10:50 < bridge> <Assa> I wonder now, if this is there since the dawn of ddnet with some tiles
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> like hitting the freeze right infront of the finish to finish faster
10:51 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yes
10:52 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Still less hacky than you don't die in kill tiles, when you finished but others of your team not xD
10:58 < bridge> <Assa> so if I perfectly track in subticks when I start and finish
10:58 < bridge> <Assa> all mods so far are wrong, probably only Teeros TAS is correct
10:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Subticks itself are already a workaround over more ticks
10:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If the user on his keyboard pressed A in a subtick to prevent from finishing a tile to the right, then the subtick is wrong too
11:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> So I won't agree with correct or incorrect
11:00 < bridge> <Assa> i know, you're only doing inputs on ticks
11:00 < bridge> <Assa> this was actually an issue for bouncyness
11:01 < bridge> <Assa> since you didn't always give the player the jump back, because you might only hit the ground in a subtick
11:04 < bridge> <Assa> Caffine was right, he wrote somewhere that the we shouldn't need `GetMapIndices` and apply tile effects directly in the collision code. Also we have that other issue that shows, that this function is inherently wrong
11:05 < bridge> <Assa> Caffine was right, he wrote somewhere that the we shouldn't need `GetMapIndices` and apply tile effects directly in the collision code. Also we have that other issue that shows, that this function is inherently wrong with a straight line between prev pos and pos
11:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The whole physics are a quirk, but that is what makes ddrace ddrace ig
11:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Teeworlds physics are very hacky too
11:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If you want to fix it, fix it for your mod. I doubt ddnet accepts it
11:06 < bridge> <Assa> #10221
11:06 < bridge> <Assa> 
11:06 < bridge> <Assa> I'd like to introduce editions
11:06 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10221
11:07 < bridge> <Assa> yes I know, and I understand why. how far away is ddnet-rs?
11:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Away from what? üòÑ
11:09 < bridge> <Assa> isn't your goal to finish ddnet-rs and move away from the c++ version?
11:10 < bridge> <kebscs> c++ on top
11:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It already is finished.
11:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's missing some visual stuff (like freezebars) and has some UI bugs/inconsistencies.
11:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Other than that the physics is completely unrelated to ddnet, and also it allows your to write whatever physics you want to have and share it with the client as WASM module
11:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You could also write a completely different game as long as it uses tw visuals and should still be predicted etc in the client correctly
11:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Or in other words, you write the prediction code
11:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The client helps you with it tho üòâ
11:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The compatibility layer to c++ ddnet is done via a proxy, that rewrites ddnet snapshots to vanilla snapshots (of ddnet-rs) and thus is missing quite a bit of prediction there
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But if you want a native ddnet-rs mods you won't face these issues
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If you want ddnet physics, twgame is an unfinished project for that.
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
11:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If you want _better_ physics than ddnet, you might want to write your own physics module anyway
11:27 < bridge> <chairn> pls don't fix, it's not a bug, it's a feature
11:29 < bridge> <chairn> afaik, it was already in the first ddnet versions, so most likely already in ddrace in 2013 or even 2012
11:30 < bridge> <Assa> don't worry, I'd never change physics üò¨:pepeW: :justatest:
11:31 < bridge> <chairn> i can tell for sure it was present in 2015
11:31 < bridge> <chairn> pipou showed it to me back then
13:16 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @melon @milkeeycat @ryozuki any neovim enjoyer has a setup that works for editing ddnet tests?
13:16 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> for me clangd throws a bazillion compilation errors for example EXPECT_EQ and so on
13:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> nvm im stupid this did the trick ``rm -rf build && mkdir build && cd build && cmake .. -DDOWNLOAD_GTEST=ON -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug``
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> as a windows user I just --target run_tests
13:19 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> sometimes i forget clangd does not work unless i compiled it first
13:28 < bridge> <milkeeycat> good afternoon C++ 20 coroutines enthusiasts and others
13:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You found a usecase? xd
13:29 < bridge> <milkeeycat> After an hour of reading I still don't understand how to use it ._.
13:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Write your own async runtime with them xd
13:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> You need generated and compile commands
13:41 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @chillerdragon
13:44 < bridge> <kebscs> ok i finally noticed the incorrect freeze skin
13:44 < bridge> <kebscs> when edging 3 tile freeze
13:45 < bridge> <melon> -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=ON
13:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Why isn't this a default
13:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Alog with reldebug
13:51 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Rel with debug info
13:57 < bridge> <kebscs> i'll make it so the skin is only predicted for local player, because its correct
13:57 < bridge> <kebscs> @syrinok is the skin prediction wrong also on dummy?
14:03 < bridge> <kebscs> ig no bcs dummy controls are ignored from server
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> how does /times work? Do you save all finishes of all time in the database?
14:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yes
14:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think for some maps duplicates were removed bcs the queries were so insanely slow
14:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Or bcs of spam finishes xd
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> what would I need to change if I only want to save improvements üíÄ
14:09 < bridge> <chairn> Isn't there a 50 limits per pseudo ?
14:10 < bridge> <chairn> or is it only for some auto finish map ?
14:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> smth like UPDATE OR INSERT and only if time is smaller or smth like that with unique player names
14:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/insert-on-duplicate.html
14:13 < bridge> <Assa> > bool CallSaveScore = g_Config.m_SvSaveWorseScores;
14:14 < bridge> <Assa> I guess we don't need to
14:23 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @sollybunny: @blaiszephyr oh yea i have compile commands as environment variable in my bashrc
14:25 < bridge> <chillerdragon> The miss predicted freeze is quite common. But I was surprised how little it bothered me.
14:26 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I notice it very often when someone is trying to edge. Otherwise I haven't seen it often
14:28 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Chillerdragon: watcha working on lately anyway? I feel like solly is the new chillerdragon pr wise xd
14:28 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I am working on my kog points
14:29 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Understandable after 2 years of holidays you need some gores addiction again
14:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @Jupstar ‚ú™ ye fr
14:32 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://zillyhuhn.com/cs/ragefarmer.png
14:33 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you can spot in this graph where i took my first tw break cuz bali ping, and where i started to rage farm points cuz kog clan kick
14:34 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Sick
14:34 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> At this rate you'll have 20 points in no time
14:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> At this rate you'll have 20k points in no time
14:35 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> whoop one missing letter xd
14:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> isnt that ``delete m_apPlayers[ClientId]`` a bit cray cray?
14:41 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/d250b65fbefd1e017c0019be0150139a8f8389c3/src/game/server/gamecontext.cpp#L1758-L1759
14:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yes if a new player joins we expect its client id to be unused. But why does it delete a player with the same id? Is this for debug dummies?
14:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> Or is it an edge case race condition where we just silently bug away one player? xd
14:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> shouldnt that be an assert instead?
14:43 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Do we delete them anywhere else?
14:43 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Else this calls the destructor
14:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> they should be deleted as soon as the id is freed so on disconnect
14:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> or reload
14:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and map change
14:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> unless someone thoughtfully crafted this to smoothly replace debug dummies with real players this seems like an insane way to hide bugs
14:45 < bridge> <totar> facinating history
14:45 < bridge> <totar> 
14:45 < bridge> <totar> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/4af575654bc576782aef534cc951d79ff6c8a28f>
14:45 < bridge> <totar> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/commit/07aa08703d2a8d777a468bcf2e17acaf1a3dc08a>
14:46 < bridge> <totar> added first as a comment
14:46 < bridge> <totar> then uncommented
14:56 < bridge> <kebscs> "Kind of working"
15:12 < bridge> <vahemaaa> zillywoods cool
15:12 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387420229348495390/screenshot_2025-06-25_16-08-59.png?ex=685d4747&is=685bf5c7&hm=972916289d2cec35a2f6a61bb5d116e3ac6b5831c53abc043fe0e3d112804a2a&
15:12 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> 0.7 moment
15:13 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> ah i assume the player deletion is for when timeout protection is used to swap them out
15:13 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if that is really the case it could probably use some comment explaining that
15:14 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> or no? client id doesnt change on timeout restore so it shouldnt run that code
15:14 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea no idea
15:39 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Sry chiller I dunno what you mean with "when id is freed". Does it call the destructor somewhere else or not xD
15:47 < bridge> <kollpotato> i love u chiller
16:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @jupeyy_keks: yes
16:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @kollpotato: love you too
16:05 < bridge> <chillerdragon> It‚Äôs deleted in OnClientDrop
16:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks they released a new PNG spec v3 https://www.w3.org/TR/png-3/
16:55 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://www.programmax.net/articles/png-is-back/
16:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Sick, didn't expect PNG to still be relevant enough to be updated for modern tech xd
17:26 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> PNG is the standard lossless image format, at least for common use
17:27 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Fancier formats may be used in the production process
17:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> jpeg xl beats png with almost 40% margin in size
17:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and apparently is also faster
17:32 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> and supports lossy too
17:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> heinrich wants shared a blog, lemme see
17:33 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ^
17:34 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I don‚Äôt know what a jpeg is
17:35 < bridge> <chillerdragon> I just want a picture of a god-dang hotdog
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I only know one thing. if smth uses less memory, less size on disk and is faster.
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then it's better
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xD
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Performance matters
17:36 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Performance is love, performance is life
17:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Thus use rust instead of bash from now on
17:37 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> CHILLER
17:39 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Rust hard
17:39 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Bash easy
17:47 < bridge> <learath2> You made me think heinrich is finally back
17:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 u need to review lot of ur prs
17:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> they are nice but stale
17:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> last day i merged 10 prs
17:48 < bridge> <learath2> I think I only have 2, right?
17:48 < bridge> <learath2> Ah maybe 4 if we still didn't get the teehistorian stuff in either
17:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387459605239693512/image.png?ex=685d6bf3&is=685c1a73&hm=7fa6b5795fe258958febbd72ec9084ff17c3f55c3e50ce69e1f2b7f183e13f45&
17:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pulls/Learath2
17:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk if relevant but i closed this https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10142
17:50 < bridge> <learath2> I should probably reopen that, but not rn. I'll set a reminder for tomorrow
17:50 < bridge> <kebscs> @ryozuki <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10412>
17:50 < bridge> <kebscs> can you merge this fix too
17:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> added to queue, thanks for the comment docs
17:52 < bridge> <kebscs> üéâ
17:53 < bridge> <kebscs> ty
17:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> @chillerdragon i commented on ur pr
17:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> deen 2.0 üò¨
17:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @ryozuki when will you apply as admin?
17:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> oops its solly
17:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> i doubt i woudl get accepted im less mature than u
17:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> xDDD
17:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> but technically im admin already, admin of the wiki that is üò¨
17:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> altho i think with the age ive become better
17:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> im 25 now
17:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
17:58 < bridge> <ryozuki> but what is there to do as admin anyway
17:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> well maybe i would remove the spammer at 6:30 in the morning
17:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> lately i wake up at that time like a üë¥
17:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> you could be technical admin
17:59 < bridge> <louis> use mods as ur minutemen army
17:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> that coordinates adding new microservices for our client
17:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> like specialized http servers
17:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
17:59 < bridge> <Assa> you sound like you already hit 30 üòÖ
17:59 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> He goes straight into his 30s
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> it 26 ill round up to 30 already
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> my gf says i look older
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess cuz beard
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bro
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You look older than me xD
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> X
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> :d
18:00 < bridge> <Assa> :justatest:
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> well tbh
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> u look rly young
18:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I know, I am often handled <= 20
18:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> i think ppl say i look 28-29
18:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I'd agree tbh xD
18:01 < bridge> <ryozuki> when i bald ill be 40
18:02 < bridge> <Assa> I wait for the day I can finally say godbye to my hair, it takes so much time
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> long hair?
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> we need to do another dev meetup
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> assa are u german or murican or french
18:02 < bridge> <Assa> I said to myself, before I am balding too much, I want to have long hair once in my life
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
18:02 < bridge> <Assa> german
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i know a core ddnet dev that has long hair
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> but i wont leak
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> lmao
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I know more
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> but i wont leak
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/252358080522747904/1354423422511485019/73C91E52-B55E-AAE1-0AE3-EBC6D0D61723.gif
18:03 < bridge> <Assa> it's like long hair/long beard is dev culture
18:03 < bridge> <Assa> and doing rust with long socks
18:03 < bridge> <louis> long hair im guessing learat2
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> You either go full gandalf or you stop
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> surprisingly only me and learath drink alcohol too
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> they are puritans
18:04 < bridge> <Assa> I already have the backpain of sb who fought a balrock
18:04 < bridge> <Assa> I already have the backpain of sb who fought a balrock solo
18:04 < bridge> <Assa> don't worry, I'll drink for all of you :3
18:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> my future vision for when im 55 is to have a white beard and have a basement full of old components
18:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> and talk about old rust days
18:05 < bridge> <Assa> I can already send you the old components
18:05 < bridge> <Assa> I have some ddr1 laptop ram here
18:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
18:05 < bridge> <ryozuki> i used to have a 512mb ram stick somewhere
18:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> but when im 55 it will be 2055
18:06 < bridge> <ryozuki> so old will be current tech
18:06 < bridge> <melon> still pissed @jupeyy_keks didnt leak secret meetup spot so i could raid
18:06 < bridge> <melon> WAS SO CLOSE TO ME EVEN
18:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Do you know who organized it?
18:06 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Is that public knowledge?
18:07 < bridge> <melon> no its not
18:07 < bridge> <melon> but i know who attended
18:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> also me and patiga nearly lose the plane back cuz the train stopped suddenly at some station
18:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Ok, but complain to him xd
18:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> i had to pay a uber
18:07 < bridge> <Assa> I'd come, assuming it's in europe :owo:
18:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> it will probs be on germany or barcelona
18:07 < bridge> <ryozuki> hopefully barcelona
18:07 < bridge> <melon> brother thats just germany for u
18:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> If it's barcelona then please on beach
18:07 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Everyone with laptop and LAN party
18:07 < bridge> <melon> i'd join on barcelona with beach
18:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> @ryozuki dont you have merge perms
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> well if u go to beach rn u die of heat
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> its 33C
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> i do
18:08 < bridge> <melon> i'd take 40¬∞ beach right now
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> technically im a "github admin"
18:08 < bridge> <melon> instead of this humid 28¬∞C thing we have rn
18:08 < bridge> <soulyvevo> why are you just a dev here lol
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> idk life
18:08 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont have ssh access currently either
18:08 < bridge> <Assa> I was in tunesia in holidays, there it was 46C ... 33 is like, livable
18:09 < bridge> <melon> Ryo when join us in moderator chat again
18:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> with humidity?
18:09 < bridge> <Assa> yes, northern next to the ocean
18:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 when open admin admissions
18:09 < bridge> <Assa> can't imagine the desert part üíÄ
18:09 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
18:09 < bridge> <learath2> Who next?
18:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> üò¨
18:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> me and jupstar
18:10 < bridge> <Assa> do you do "work" at the dev meetings? like discuss any issues or a hackaton? :justatest:
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> it was fun
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> it was like a hackathon and we also played LAN
18:11 < bridge> <learath2> How did you even? üòõ
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> we beat springblobe 2 and 3 iirc
18:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Springlobe 3 xDD
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> (some ppl joked to add the rank to the db but it didnt pass)
18:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We'd have taken 1 week
18:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> the german internet was bad so we played lan xd
18:11 < bridge> <learath2> I worked on this https://github.com/Learath2/th-audit
18:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> metamuffin also showed his alternative rust client iirc
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> and some weird hardware
18:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> XD
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> XD
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> we had like 3 raspbs iirc
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> raspberries
18:14 < bridge> <learath2> Metamuffins weird usb to ethernet to ethernet to usb adapter was a thing
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> tbh since im working so much on perf at work what i would do at next meeting would be some profiling
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess
18:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> We were the ppl with gemer laptops ryo üòâ
18:14 < bridge> <Assa> mine is currently at the local firefighters used for monitoring in the vehicle bay
18:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The gamer group
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> my gaming laptop with a 4070
18:14 < bridge> <learath2> Patiga's demo was very cool. I wonder when he'll make it public üòõ
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah that was the coolest ever
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> @patiga üòâ
18:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yeah @patiga when public
18:14 < bridge> <melon> fr @patiga
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> @blaiszephyr u would turn crazy
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> cuz its a crazy thing
18:14 < bridge> <melon> its rust innit
18:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> its not lang related
18:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> its about the game itserlf
18:15 < bridge> <melon> ddnet 2.0
18:15 < bridge> <melon> LETSGOO
18:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> no thats just jupstar sideproject
18:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> kek
18:15 < bridge> <Assa> oh god do I also need to present something?
18:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> its optional
18:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> u could present ur perf opt in rendering
18:15 < bridge> <Assa> going to post 3 boxplots in showroom when 19.4 comes out
18:16 < bridge> <Assa> it's like 44x perf improvement
18:16 < bridge> <Assa> and maybe make a post in mapping how to map quads with performance
18:17 < bridge> <patiga> @jupeyy_keks @learath2 @ryozuki gimme like a month or so, I just picked it up again
18:17 < bridge> <Assa> sounds like twmap-tools client integration? :justatest:
18:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> pog
18:18 < bridge> <patiga> no fishing :p
18:18 < bridge> <patiga> its secret exactly coz I didn't want too much outside pressure  ^^
18:18 < bridge> <Assa> i'd even have a list of things for a hackaton, but ig nobody would be interested, would you?
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> @robyt3 what happens with clang-tidy 20?
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> u canceled the pr
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
18:18 < bridge> <robyt3> I still want to comment
18:18 < bridge> <robyt3> That's why I self-requested a review
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> ohh
18:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> didnt see sorry
18:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> @robyt3 do u generally review all prs? should i wait for u always?
18:21 < bridge> <Assa> except if it's graphics backend related, then **additionally** ping jupey :owo:
18:23 < bridge> <robyt3> If I don't request changes or self-request review I usually don't have a strong opinion on the PR
18:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> i should wait some days before merging stuff too
18:24 < bridge> <Assa> merge fast and break things
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
18:25 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it's not in C üò¶
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> we converted him
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> literally all devs in the meeting byt lea and robyt used rust for most stuff kek
18:25 < bridge> <ryozuki> literally all devs in the meeting but lea and robyt used rust for most stuff kek
18:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> but also most tooling around teehistorian is rusty
18:26 < bridge> <kebscs> love when tools are rust and doone uses said toold
18:26 < bridge> <kebscs> love when tools are rust and noone uses said toold
18:26 < bridge> <Assa> guess I am very alone with ugly python code
18:27 < bridge> <kebscs> didnt see practice bug cheated ranks removed bcs tool is in rust
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> twmap and related is used all time in map testing
18:27 < bridge> <kebscs> if tool was in python i would do it day 1
18:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> the mastersrv is in rust too
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> milkeey writing a bible
18:28 < bridge> <kebscs> so if mastersrv breaks
18:28 < bridge> <milkeeycat> @ryozuki btw I remembered you showed a vid of lc3 vm in your language, now I also want  to do that :santatrollet:
18:28 < bridge> <kebscs> ddnet is gg
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> its been runnig since years iirc
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> pog
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> run the 2024 game
18:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> stacking or smth
18:28 < bridge> <Assa> why can you achieve so much more performance with rust instead of C/C++?
18:29 < bridge> <milkeeycat> I almost got calling convention working
18:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> no one said that
18:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> perf will be most of the times same
18:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> but rust adds the benefit that removes lot of memory related bugs and also multithreaded ones
18:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> sometimes it will be faster in C sometimes in Rust
18:29 < bridge> <kebscs> its mostly the same
18:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> cuz rust can use a lot more the noalias
18:30 < bridge> <kebscs> unless you use some slow std functions
18:30 < bridge> <Assa> so I can still improve perf by swapping some libs with my fortran code
18:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> fortran pog
18:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> fortran can be as fast or faster than C in some cases iirc
18:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> math i guess
18:31 < bridge> <patiga> I think that sounds fun :)
18:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> yes pls bring a list
18:33 < bridge> <melon> https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/container/inplace_vector.html
18:33 < bridge> <melon> 
18:33 < bridge> <melon> c++26 when?
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> here some stupid ideas:
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> - flag mode instead of start and finish: carry a flag as a team through the map with flag throwing and flag buttons and stuff
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> - implement proper quad grouping and I have a few other insane ideas for shader code
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> - idk water PR ig
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> - bring out a new physics edition - since we are all engine experts and know stuff that would need change but nobody knows all
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> 
18:34 < bridge> <Assa> (this is just a stupid list, now roast me)
18:34 < bridge> <patiga> wdym with that? afaik that tooling helped with multiple bugs already. its also actively used for moderation
18:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> maybe a more feasible feature and one that I'm Corneum asked is to have real "dummies" in parts of the map
18:36 < bridge> <inv41idu53rn4m3> If you wanna go fast try compiler intrinsics
18:36 < bridge> <melon> https://gitlab.com/ddnet-rs/twgame/-/tree/master/teehistorian?ref_type=heads
18:36 < bridge> <melon> 
18:36 < bridge> <melon> this alone is gamechanger
18:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> that u use for parts
18:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> for example hooking a tee and swinging is way different
18:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> and i guess he wants to use that physics
18:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> for parts
18:36 < bridge> <Assa> oh yeah, this also belongs on the list
18:37 < bridge> <kebscs> why practice bug from march ranks not removed
18:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> also dummies could be animated for tutorial maps
18:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> showing movement
18:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> tldr: real npcs
18:37 < bridge> <Assa> mappable npcs
18:40 < bridge> <patiga> I don't know. I'm not an admin and not aware of the specifics. I can tell you tho that the tooling makes such effort relatively easy: it was used for previous such cases. more importantly maybe: it makes it *possible*
18:40 < bridge> <patiga> there is no similar tooling in any other language and it's very solid tooling. I don't think Zwelf would've attempted comparable tooling in another language
18:40 < bridge> <kebscs> ok thats nice theres a tool
18:40 < bridge> <patiga> I do think Rust plays a role in making such tooling *more* possible
18:40 < bridge> <kebscs> but if it wasnt rust, the cheated ranks would have been easier to remove
18:40 < bridge> <kebscs> or at least i would do it
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> I mean add a new layertype, npc, have a few npc options: 
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> - forever frozen
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> - moving npc (with hitbox)
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> - showing npc (tutorial),
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> - visual npc (idk, like in a cage getting crushed by evil other npc)
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> 
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> Need some functionality to record inputs for the tutorial npc for example
18:41 < bridge> <Assa> a mapped npc should be stylizable with skin options
18:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> u can do it, nobody stops u doing tooling in C
18:41 < bridge> <kebscs> cba rewriting
18:41 < bridge> <kebscs> im not rust dev i dont do rewrites
18:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> meh, no use talking
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> I mean add a new layertype, npc, have a few npc options: 
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> - forever frozen
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> - moving npc (with hitbox)
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> - showing npc (tutorial),
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> - visual npc (idk, like in a cage getting crushed by evil other npc)
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> - invisible moving npcs for jank
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> 
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> Need some functionality to record inputs for the tutorial npc for example
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> a mapped npc should be stylizable with skin options
18:42 < bridge> <Assa> imagine lots of invisible npcs acting in a contraption as a conveyor belt
18:43 < bridge> <patiga> I don't think this is the case, or rather: this misses that Rust allowed the tooling to be that complex while also being quite bug-free
18:43 < bridge> <kebscs> moving npc kinda like box would be nice
18:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> no use convinciz he is more anti rust than learath (was)
18:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> no use convincing he is more anti rust than learath (was)
18:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> another idea is add a portal gun
18:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> and it can be used with grenade shotgun etc
18:45 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
18:45 < bridge> <Assa> this sounds simple tbh
18:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> i doubt
18:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> lot of edge cases
18:47 < bridge> <Assa> yeah, prediction will be as expected
18:48 < bridge> <Assa> but the core mechanics, meaning player and projectiles, should be simple
18:49 < bridge> <Assa> edge cases like moving pickups or that freeze balls or rotating lasers idk
18:50 < bridge> <Assa> to what degree would you whish to do that? Would you want to stick your weapon in one side and it sticks out in the other?
18:51 < bridge> <kebscs> we have tele laser already
18:51 < bridge> <kebscs> üëç
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> add a "warp" shader around the portal entries :p
18:52 < bridge> <patiga> in the past there def were mods with portal guns, I remember playing them :D
18:53 < bridge> <patiga> they used that aperture tileset similar to dummy chamber
18:57 < bridge> <louis> portal gun boutta add 50000 cheats
18:57 < bridge> <louis> water pr is cool
18:57 < bridge> <louis> the harpoon weapon from that could be sick with some modifications
18:58 < bridge> <louis> add dashing mechanism w a powerup or smth similar
18:59 < bridge> <louis> was i correct
19:14 < bridge> <learath2> Only because I didn't feel like writing a teehistorian parser in C and waste time on that during the meetup
19:16 < bridge> <learath2> Rust benefits from an std that evolves. So if you are just quickly writing something Rust will usually outperform C++
19:18 < bridge> <learath2> Idk wym, if the tooling is written already, it doesn't matter what language it is in. Do you mean there is no tooling to detect this bug and you cant write one because the entire teehistorian ecosystem is Rust?
19:18 < bridge> <learath2> Yep
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> yes
19:18 < bridge> <kebscs> i wanted to detect the bug
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> i know what to do/check
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> but i dont understand how to bcs its rust
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> so i didnt bother
19:19 < bridge> <kebscs> and all other rust praisers didnt either
19:20 < bridge> <learath2> There might be a teehistorian parser in C or maybe some bindings for the rust one in python
19:21 < bridge> <learath2> But again this is more a ddnet devs being very inactive issue rather than a rust issue
19:21 < bridge> <learath2> Even if it were all in C++ I doubt there'd be people working on it right this moment
19:22 < bridge> <milkeeycat> https://antonz.org/go-json-v2/
19:27 < bridge> <kebscs> me üôÇ
19:28 < bridge> <learath2> Perhaps
19:29 < bridge> <patiga> afaik, upon requests, @zwelf2 implements such bug detections
19:31 < bridge> <kebscs> i dmd him in march with info
19:31 < bridge> <patiga> nice, did he answer?
19:31 < bridge> <kebscs> yes and linked the rust repo
19:32 < bridge> <patiga> ...and?
19:33 < bridge> <patiga> Did admins express that they need/want that bug detection? Is Zwelf aware of that? Did you answer him again?
19:33 < bridge> <kebscs> and i told him i dont know rust
19:33 < bridge> <kebscs> thats it
19:34 < bridge> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387485995435298940/image.png?ex=685d8487&is=685c3307&hm=71fabf8fdc27cdf672605a97dd0acf1214a93161b7c3083591ae0aa1306f9879&
19:34 < bridge> <kebscs> yes i dmd him all needed info
19:34 < bridge> <kebscs> time which the bug occcured, all maps that it could be abused and example demo
19:34 < bridge> <patiga> so did you ask him nicely if he could implement it for you?
19:34 < bridge> <patiga> did you express that you would do it if he helps you?
19:35 < bridge> <kebscs> nope
19:35 < bridge> <kebscs> its counterproductive if i touch rust
19:38 < bridge> <gorp_tw> hi im kinda afksti still but https://www.phoronix.com/review/arch-linux-kernels-2023/2 i thought it was cute that phoronix used ddnet to benchmark kernels :owo:
19:38 < bridge> <gorp_tw> wonder if this Michael Larabel guy is also a tee
19:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> He used them during the time deen submitted the first version of it
19:53 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Later he didn't use them anymore tho, so he probably found that not useful enough
20:04 < bridge> <Ewan> if you have any simpler tools or apps made in cpp, reimplementing them in rust is a rly good way to learn it imo because it gives you a reason/opportunity you didn‚Äôt have before
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> the tool i had to pre-process images for ddnet servers (just so they wouldn‚Äôt error) saw basically free parallelism just by reimplementing it in rust & having that as a goal
20:05 < bridge> <Ewan> add rayon parallel iterator and suddenly it‚Äôs several times faster
20:12 < bridge> <zhn> voxel vibes
20:17 < bridge> <Ewan> so true
20:18 < bridge> <Ewan> gotta make up reasons to hinder my own personal development because a small crowd of people put a bad taste in my mouth
20:33 < bridge> <totar> I would love to at least try to write a teehistorian parser but its difficult and boring without any actual teehistorian data
20:34 < bridge> <learath2> I can get you some actual teehistorian data if you want to test some code. But you'll find it much easier to work with short teehistorian files you generate yourself for testing
20:34 < bridge> <learath2> You can use the Rust parser as a reference, that's what I did for my golang parser I was testing
20:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> tbh my only take is i feel sad for a dev that doesnt explore beyond their comfort zone
20:36 < bridge> <ryozuki> i initially also disliked rust btw
20:36 < bridge> <totar> Sure but its easier but I can't have any confidence that it works on all the edge cases
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> but i dont want learn rust
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> i can do anything in c++/python
20:37 < bridge> <kebscs> just rust tools are inconvenience
20:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> @mpft dont bother arguing, he doesnt want to learn it thats it, its valid, however its not valid to be so sour over others enjoying it and making tooling in it because they like it, because thats as valid as not wanting to use rust
20:37 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @ryozuki i commented on your comment
20:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> for me, the whole c++ ddnet code is an inconvenience, but u deal with it, thats life
20:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> and it also makes u a better dev to know both
20:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok, ill see the comment on my comment and maybe comment on the comment on the comment
20:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> @chillerdragon ill merge it the day after to give time for review
20:41 < bridge> <learath2> Well it'll be almost impossible to figure out what went wrong in the massive th files, but as said I can definitely get you one
20:46 < bridge> <totar> Okay
20:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @ryozuki 85 prs good job
20:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 any news regarding our secret endevours?
23:45 < bridge> <zwelf2> Not sure if I should advertise, but there are still the C/C++ bindings for teehistorian library I've written, but then decommissioned also due to no one using them: https://gitlab.com/zwelf/teehistorian/-/releases (for an old version, probably powerful enough for current teehistorian too)
23:47 < bridge> <zwelf2> example c file: https://gitlab.com/zwelf/teehistorian/-/blob/v0.4.0/examples-c/print-extension.c?ref_type=tags
