00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404234986642604092/image.png?ex=689a733e&is=689921be&hm=e5af4dc66e679fecd4eb6ca3da42e574473b1dbc92e8f4475f2f91b26747c5a2&
00:48 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> infinity commits??
00:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @qxdfox makea  townhall post for emojis, ill f3 ><
01:06 < bridge> <qxdfox> if ddnet wont we can always add it to tclient :p
02:43 < bridge> <totar> lmao, I've seen infinity files changed before too
02:43 < bridge> <totar> idk what makes it do that
02:43 < bridge> <totar> javascript moment
02:44 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> maybe IfFinite used to detect infinity which would also detect NaN from Number(undefined)
02:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> maybe ifFinite used to detect infinity which would also detect NaN from undefined
02:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> maybe ifFinite used to detect infinity which would also detect NaN/undefined
02:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> maybe ifFinite used to detect infinity which would also detect NaN/undefined/null
02:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> from db or request timeout
02:45 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it eventually did resolve to 0.... github gets very confused when its just image changes
02:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it eventually did resolve to 0.... github gets very confused when its just image changes, atleast sometimes
02:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it eventually did resolve to 0.... github gets very confused when its just image changes, atleast sometimes
02:46 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> it eventually did resolve to 0.... github gets very confused when its just image changes,  sometimes
04:37 < bridge> <.thedominator> Please guys fix your broken anti cheat i got banned twice because of false positives
08:38 < bridge> <chillerdragon> @.thedominator: on which server? I did not know ddnet has auto bans
08:55 < bridge> <Assa> gumo ^.^
09:25 < bridge> <cyberfrighter> vac has been added to ddnet
09:26 < bridge> <Assa> Which maintainer besides robyt can I summon to look over some of my PRs? Ryo is taking a break, heinrich is invisible, hmm @learath2 ? I also have some small ones left :justatest:
09:27 < bridge> <learath2> I can take a look, but aren't you working on rendering stuff? Jupsti would probably be the best person for those, no?
09:30 < bridge> <Assa> yes, but only because it's related to rendering doesn't mean others can't review it. Some of my PRs are almost trivial üòÑ
09:31 < bridge> <Assa> #10625 is fully ignored but should be easy to review
09:31 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10625
09:33 < bridge> <Assa> Also I wanted to give Jupey a break after that 1000 lines PR
09:40 < bridge> <Assa> And  #10629 is another easy to review candidate, just some moved around code, but I must admit the github file-changed-view looks worse than it is
09:40 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10629
12:59 < bridge> <jxsl13> D:
13:17 < bridge> <kollpotato> finally
13:21 < bridge> <manikoo> rip
14:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 i forgot i probs need some kind of crt0 to initialize static data right? i was all morning trying to debut why i get a page fault and i think itd cuz that lol
14:29 < bridge> <learath2> Yes, there is a part that needs to happen pre-main
14:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> i get a page fault the moment i tried to use a global static allocator in a user program
14:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> so i Guess ye
14:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> the method doesnt even get called
14:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> and the address is 0x0
14:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> (iirc need to recheck)
14:30 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, idk how does the call happen? Do you have a got/plt set up even?
14:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> what is plt
14:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> xD
14:31 < bridge> <learath2> Procedure linking table. It's what allows dynamic linking
14:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> hm no, do i need that for static programs with no deps?
14:31 < bridge> <learath2> Why is 0x0 being called is the question, no?
14:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> ah the method being called is through a rust trait
14:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess it used s vtable
14:32 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess it uses vtable
14:34 < bridge> <learath2> You shouldn't need a plt then. But you still need the GOT if the binary is position independent. How far have you implemented elf loading?
14:34 < bridge> <ryozuki> what is GOT? Im loading elf programs with pic/pie, i simply add a base address to all pt load segments
14:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> (that are pie)
14:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> i wonder if i need tls
14:35 < bridge> <ryozuki> so many stuff
14:36 < bridge> <learath2> Ok, lets stop guessing. Just check why 0x0 is being called and where that address comes from
14:36 < bridge> <learath2> It should be obvious in the disassembly of what you are trying to run
14:36 < bridge> <kollpotato> where source
14:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> ye im at wc planting s tree when i get to pc i recheck de address
14:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> :justatest:
14:37 < bridge> <learath2> I would also try running a very simple C application instead, with `_start` instead of `main`
14:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh my rust program also used start
14:38 < bridge> <ryozuki> i probs need some crt0 crti anyway
14:41 < bridge> <learath2> You shouldn't need it really, it mostly just sets up argc and argv and initializes static stuff
14:43 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway looking at the disassembly should help. For PIC you need to set up GOT too, that'd be what I suspect
14:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> >  initializes static stuff
14:43 < bridge> <ryozuki> i think this is the key thi
14:46 < bridge> <learath2> It also sets up TLS and stuff too. But if all you want is to run something, I'd first start with just a no PIC no libc C program
14:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> i know i can run stuff already
14:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> its that when i call for example String::new() and push, after setting up the global allocator (which is a static) it crashes
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> EXCEPTION: general_protection_fault (segfault?) CHECK: (error: 0)
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> InterruptStackFrame {
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     instruction_pointer: VirtAddr(
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         0x401378,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     ),
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     code_segment: SegmentSelector {
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         index: 4,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         rpl: Ring3,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     },
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     cpu_flags: RFlags(
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         RESUME_FLAG | INTERRUPT_FLAG | 0x2,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     ),
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     stack_pointer: VirtAddr(
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         0x7fffffffefb7,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     ),
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     stack_segment: SegmentSelector {
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         index: 3,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>         rpl: Ring3,
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki>     },
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> calling alloc::alloc directly works
14:49 < bridge> <ryozuki> its why i dont get it
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> // this faults
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>  unsafe {
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let mut x = String::new();
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         x.push_str("a");
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         black_box(x);
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> // this works
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>  unsafe {
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         let mut ptr = black_box(alloc::alloc::alloc(Layout:üÜï:<u8>()));
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         *ptr = 4;
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         black_box(ptr);
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>         syscalls::exit(0);
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
14:51 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: id=12 rdi=0x0 rsi=0x8 rdx=0x8 r10=0x0 r8=0x0 r9=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: addr=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: new_break=0x0, current_break=0x414000, heap_break=0x414000
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: returning current break
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: Handler returning 0x414000
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: id=12 rdi=0x414008 rsi=0x414000 rdx=0x414008 r10=0x0 r8=0x0 r9=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: addr=0x414008
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: new_break=0x414008, current_break=0x414000, heap_break=0x414000
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> sys_brk: Expanding heap from 0x414000 to 0x414008 (size: 8 bytes)
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: Handler returning 0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: id=60 rdi=0x0 rsi=0x414000 rdx=0x414008 r10=0x0 r8=0x0 r9=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_exit: code=0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_exit: Switching page table to kernel = 0x101000
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SCHED: marking process ProcessId(0) as exited with code 0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_exit: Process cleanup complete, halting for interrupts.
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is for the bottom case which works, yes im using brk or now
14:53 < bridge> <learath2> Hm, idk enough about rust internals to know how `String::new` allocates memory
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: id=12 rdi=0x0 rsi=0xf rdx=0xf r10=0x0 r8=0x0 r9=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: addr=0x0
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: new_break=0x0, current_break=0x416000, heap_break=0x416000
14:53 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: returning current break
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: Handler returning 0x416000
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: id=12 rdi=0x416008 rsi=0x416000 rdx=0x416008 r10=0x0 r8=0x0 r9=0x0
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: addr=0x416008
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: sys_brk: new_break=0x416008, current_break=0x416000, heap_break=0x416000
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> sys_brk: Expanding heap from 0x416000 to 0x416008 (size: 8 bytes)
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> SYSCALL: Handler returning 0x0
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> KERNEL PANIC: panicked at src/interrupts/idt.rs:49:5:
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> EXCEPTION: general_protection_fault (segfault?) CHECK: (error: 0)
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> string case xd
14:54 < bridge> <learath2> But there probably is a crt0 someone already wrote, maybe try to link that in to test?
14:54 < bridge> <learath2> If it fixes the issue, then you know what was wrong
14:54 < bridge> <ryozuki> new doesnt alloc, push does tho
15:41 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok i think i wont focus on this stuff for now and ill avoid rust alloc
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> i dont understand yet what i need and i want to focus on the kernel xD
15:42 < bridge> <ryozuki> i could write rust programs without using alloc but thats like using C :d
16:17 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> BOO
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 omg, u were right! i fixed the relocations GOT and it works now
16:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> this is cuz im stupid and started with pic overcomplicating my life lmao
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> but well now it works with pic
16:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> pic pie whathever
16:22 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, that's why I wanted you to check non-PIC code first just in case üòÑ
16:23 < bridge> <pilonpl> when will you release a new version of the kernel?
16:23 < bridge> <pilonpl> i want to run some programs lol
16:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> finally i can use alloc from user
16:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404470408232570910/image.png?ex=689b4e7f&is=6899fcff&hm=121b29a5dd0821e2032d1d9ac0c2ad39b38b0f6054d8cdca34bd17502feb06e0&
16:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> soon, currently programs are included statically into the kernel binary, cuz i have no filesystem
16:24 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill do filesystem next
16:25 < bridge> <pilonpl> okay but what is `puts`?
16:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> dont u know C?
16:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
16:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> use crate::syscalls;
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub const STDOUT_FD: u64 = 1;
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> #[inline]
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> pub fn puts(text: &str) {
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki>     unsafe {
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki>         syscalls::write(STDOUT_FD, text.as_ptr(), text.len() as u64);
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki>     }
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> kinda wanted to make my own elibc
16:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> u dont know hwo happy i am to have fixed this, its been bothering me for 2 days
16:28 < bridge> <ryozuki> so many moving parts, and i was missing a stupid elf thing lmao
16:29 < bridge> <learath2> glad to have helped in some way
16:29 < bridge> <ryozuki> needed to handle R_X86_64_RELATIVE
16:30 < bridge> <ryozuki> i need lot of stuff still to have a useful kernel, filesystem, then figure out how to setup argv argc for programs etc
16:31 < bridge> <ryozuki> and more syscalls, i only have write, exit, brk
16:32 < bridge> <Assa> @learath2 can you do [this](<https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/9224#issuecomment-3165083209>) please ?
16:32 < bridge> <Assa> I want to clean up my backlog üòÑ
16:37 < bridge> <ryozuki> why not give assa maintainer
16:39 < bridge> <Assa> I don't know if I should be a maintainer, do I need to do more then just reviews, press the merge button and label issues?
16:39 < bridge> <learath2> I guess #4523 still needs a fix somehow, I'm unsure whether it gets better than this
16:39 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/4523
16:40 < bridge> <learath2> Thankfully it only affects the specific case of very fast significantly direction altering bounces
16:40 < bridge> <Assa> this is also "server" and "fix-changes-physics"
16:40 < bridge> <Assa> it doesn't if affects every case where a player hits a solid as well :justatest:
16:41 < bridge> <Assa> just to a lesser degree
16:41 < bridge> <learath2> At significant speed, and the reflection angle is smaller, so the direction change is less significant
16:41 < bridge> <Assa> less significant is still an issue
16:41 < bridge> <learath2> With high speed bounces it would cause absurd behaviour, like hitting a freeze that you bounced under üòÑ
16:42 < bridge> <learath2> To be honest, the entire way tile collisions are handled in ddnet is just bizarre
16:42 < bridge> <Assa> you call it bizarre, I call it _wrong_
16:43 < bridge> <learath2> MoveBox should be returning a vector of all tiles hit along the move
16:43 < bridge> <teero777> It is wrong
16:43 < bridge> <teero777> Holy shit no
16:43 < bridge> <learath2> Wrong but has to be supported forever
16:44 < bridge> <Assa> move box should call the function of a tile when it is hit directly once
16:44 < bridge> <Assa> otherwise you get things like speedups beeing applied post tick
16:44 < bridge> <teero777> @totar may you help this lost sould
16:44 < bridge> <teero777> @totar may you help this lost soul
16:44 < bridge> <learath2> You could elaborate on what's wrong with that instead of talking shit
16:44 < bridge> <Assa> ^^^
16:45 < bridge> <Assa> imagine you hit a stopper before the finish line in a subtick
16:45 < bridge> <Assa> apply stopper, then apply finish line?
16:45 < bridge> <learath2> Why wouldn't you be able to do that with the vector of tiles you get? Just handle them in-order
16:46 < bridge> <Assa> because they may affect your move box position
16:46 < bridge> <learath2> Oh you want those to apply within the tick too, yeah no, that would be breaking faar too much
16:46 < bridge> <learath2> Though I guess if we are breaking everything, might aswell break that too, so maybe?
16:46 < bridge> <Assa> I'd like to, but ofc this is not backwards compat
16:47 < bridge> <Assa> here is the discussion about a possible physics fix https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/10221
16:48 < bridge> <Assa> maybe I should rename it to "add physics editions every 15 years or so"
16:48 < bridge> <learath2> Anyway, the history with `GetMapIndices` is that it was someones attempt at fixing tile skips, back when no one really cared at all about "correctness"
16:48 < bridge> <learath2> The simplifying assumption that was made is that a tick is short enough that any movement within it can be approximated as a linear move
16:49 < bridge> <Assa> yeah and bouncyness breaks that assumption
16:50 < bridge> <learath2> And the fix would be to keep track of where you were moved during `MoveBox` so that fix is about as good as you can get
16:52 < bridge> <Assa> I agree
16:53 < bridge> <Assa> it's the "easiest fix" without breaking everything
16:53 < bridge> <learath2> (I would expect this to only have effect on replies for maps where you have bounciness or very high speed, the assumption that movement is linear within a tick is not that broken, maybe we can throw tees at walls at different angles and measure the amount of non-linearity)
16:53 < bridge> <Assa> but is still a physics change changing how tiles are applied
16:54 < bridge> <Assa> this may break some demos, records, playbacks, invalidate leaderboards?
16:58 < bridge> <learath2> Yeah, I guess it's best not to mess with it I guess. We should get physics editions before fixing this
16:58 < bridge> <Assa> I added a comment, I could only fix bouncyness with this PR
16:59 < bridge> <Assa> like only add a position, if the elasticity is > 0
16:59 < bridge> <Assa> and have old behavior still for normal solids
16:59 < bridge> <learath2> That's a better compromise, bounciness is new enough that there probably aren't many instances of extremely high speed bounces off of walls
17:00 < bridge> <Assa> very botched PR üòÑ
17:09 < bridge> <Assa> Guess I am working on the recorder tiles next
17:10 < bridge> <Assa> Guess I am working on the recorder tiles next ^^
17:10 < bridge> <Assa> @louis.place what is your plan with the targets? :3 I know you are still waiting for more sounds, but you still have some issues open in your PR
17:18 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> how do you get the time between frames but taking into account demo slowdown/pause and video recording
17:28 < bridge> <louis> Idk i guess ill do sounds and particles when i am feeling up to it
17:29 < bridge> <louis> and fix the other comments
17:40 < bridge> <Assa> intratick prolly? interpolate between ticks
17:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> now i can recover from segfaults in user programs yay
17:44 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404490675457888357/image.png?ex=689b615f&is=689a0fdf&hm=630ad1f772d5ef133fee95de9485fd551c39fb39e03c5a1f7c90f3799f96c346&
17:45 < bridge> <pilonpl> Awesome
17:46 < bridge> <pilonpl> How do you want to add a filesystem?
17:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> even better
17:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404491142808211487/image.png?ex=689b61ce&is=689a104e&hm=ef2aa2ef627d7e5692ae149146369a14bb5122d10bf525aec27276fa9ed0ceb2&
17:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> ill probs first do a ram filesystem like a simple Vec, then fat16
17:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> or fat32
17:46 < bridge> <ryozuki> cuz i heard its simple
17:47 < bridge> <pilonpl> Okay
17:47 < bridge> <pilonpl> A custom FS could be interesting
17:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> true
17:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> but i dont even know internals of current filesystems
17:47 < bridge> <pilonpl> Maybe something a bit crazy, like a filesystems without a traditional directory structure
17:47 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess i can infer it from syscalls
17:48 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah i definitly want to become unique at some point, but since im learning mostly rn i stick to standards
17:54 < bridge> <pilonpl> You can make per program permissions
17:54 < bridge> <pilonpl> The way permissions work on linux is a bit dumb
17:55 < bridge> <kollpotato> yes its literally a BIT dumb
17:55 < bridge> <pilonpl> Well i mean
17:56 < bridge> <pilonpl> Idk why someone thought setting permissions with 3 digits which are then interpreted in binary is a good idea
17:57 < bridge> <pilonpl> At least there is the alternative way
17:57 < bridge> <pilonpl> Which is a more sane
17:58 < bridge> <pilonpl> But most importantly i want more control than running a program as a specific user
17:59 < bridge> <pilonpl> Usually i want programs to access like 1 directory
17:59 < bridge> <kollpotato> yeah it would be nice
18:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> Why doesn't linux implement that?
18:00 < bridge> <pilonpl> Seems fairly simple
18:02 < bridge> <kollpotato> there is AppArmor
18:18 < bridge> <reitw> AoeTW tf
18:18 < bridge> <reitw> Bro copied my name
18:28 < bridge> <pilonpl> good idea i guess
18:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> tw standing for the winner obviously, the 2 letters at the end of your namea re nothing but unique
18:37 < bridge> <Assa> SbbTW ? üòÑ
18:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Solly bun bun TW?
18:37 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> bun bun is just my ign x-x
18:38 < bridge> <Assa> bun bun give me gum gum? :justatest:
18:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> üî´üî´
18:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> ?
18:43 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Reitw invented that postfix
18:44 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ReiTW still stands for ReiTeeWars
18:45 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But you'll never see a Chinese with that postfixüò¨
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @essigautomat you need some geopolitical education it seems
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Tw stands for Taiwan
18:46 < bridge> <Assa> I know a lot but I can't know all
18:46 < bridge> <Assa> ah then you don't say anything anymore
18:46 < bridge> <Assa> ah then you don't need to say anything anymore
18:46 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> :deen_star:
18:47 < bridge> <learath2> You could probably go direct to fat32, it's not too bad
18:48 < bridge> <Assa> so chinese are mad if I host a teeworlds related .tw domain? man
18:51 < bridge> <learath2> Linux does implement this in the form of chroots
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> @jupeyy_keks can you take a look at some of my prs? pretty please?
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> :owo:
18:52 < bridge> <Assa> üëâ  üëà
18:53 < bridge> <Assa> üëâ  üëà.
18:53 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404508135875674233/image.png?ex=689b71a2&is=689a2022&hm=8d3abe2a941bbdbdfcbe430822f84adff9f51a91bab1ffac9aaadfb04363bb26&
18:54 < bridge> <Assa> ü¶∂ üëü
18:54 < bridge> <Assa> ü¶∂ üëü.
18:54 < bridge> <learath2> It's just a compact way to display the permissions. You need to remember that originally only nerds used linux and they had no trouble reading octal
18:54 < bridge> <Assa> xD
18:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Not really, no time til end of year
18:55 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Except their code change is less than 20 LOC
18:56 < bridge> <Assa> 33 - 16 is less than 20 :justatest: 
18:56 < bridge> <Assa> #10625
18:56 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10625
19:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Ok you used your review token for this week
19:08 < bridge> <Assa> the only difference is that you round instead of floor and ceil
19:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> It's much closer to the map format
19:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> which uses x,y,w,h too, you just magically always increase the w & h
19:08 < bridge> <Assa> like I need to go from floating point world to integer world
19:08 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> u need to do that anyway
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> the clipping rect is in pixels of the monitor monitors
19:09 < bridge> <Assa> yeah to the next pixel, because we're on a subpixel
19:09 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> No you might increase the whole clip rect by a pixel
19:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> e.g. if x is 0.9 you'd just floor it
19:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Even tho the pixel is most likely no visible
19:10 < bridge> <Assa> the old way of clipping was off by more than 1 pixel btw
19:10 < bridge> <Assa> this is also the old behavior
19:10 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> i am not saying old behavior is good
19:10 < bridge> <Assa> I mean I can switch ceil & floor to rounding
19:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> That is still not correct
19:11 < bridge> <Assa> why not?
19:11 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I am not just rounding, I am checking whether moving from sub pixel to normal pixel would move the clip rect left or right
19:12 < bridge> <Assa> I am calculating right and bottom too and if we round that, we should go to the same value since both are only offset by screen x and screen y
19:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> will do then
19:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Is clip w & h a integer?
19:13 < bridge> <Assa> yes
19:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But no
19:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> The rendering itself is not in pixels
19:13 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> A width of 10 could still mean 12.5 pixels
19:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 0.9 + 0.5 => u will round down
19:14 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> or let's say 12.4 pixels xd
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> I see it like that, I have 4 flooating point coordinates and move them to the nearest 4 integer coordinates
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> I don't see what's wrong with this approach
19:15 < bridge> <Assa> I don't see what's wrong with this approach (assuming I round and not floor / ceil)
19:15 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 is libm portable? do u think it would be hard to include it
19:15 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Well hard to say if it _is_ wrong. But it feels wrong to me, bcs in a bad case the clip rect might be smaller than intended
19:16 < bridge> <Assa> what value does an accurate width/height provide here?
19:16 < bridge> <Assa> and in another bad case it's bigger than intended
19:16 < bridge> <Assa> that's the issue with clipping in pixel sizes
19:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> But in terms of pixels it might look better
19:16 < bridge> <Assa> that's why I opted to use floor and ceil, so it always expands and it never cuts off too much
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Ok but anyway, if, then use round
19:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> ceil & floor feels defs wrong
19:17 < bridge> <learath2> Wym by include it? As in just link to some implementation of it?
19:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> well idk, rigt now the only aproach would be to include it in tree and statically link it, because i have no filesystem nor can load .so files yet
19:17 < bridge> <ryozuki> i guess i should simply not do this now
19:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> and do it later when i have fs
19:18 < bridge> <learath2> Libm is usually written in very unportable code. Using assembly trickery to make it faster. So not very portable at all
19:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> is loading dynamic libraries hard? xD
19:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> portable as in dependency wise i guess
19:18 < bridge> <ryozuki> i only have x86_64
19:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @essigautomat ping me when you changed it, then I merge
19:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> ok portable as in statically linking it
19:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> xd
19:19 < bridge> <ryozuki> nvm i wont touch it yet
19:19 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Then your merge token is consumed too
19:19 < bridge> <Assa> I'll test it before, gimme a sec
19:19 < bridge> <learath2> Yes, that is where things get rather annoying. I would recommend against that
19:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> thank god rust is all static
19:20 < bridge> <ryozuki> :owo:
19:21 < bridge> <learath2> If I recall correctly, libm is dependency free, so you can just compile one for x86_64 out of glibc and link to that statically
19:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> btw i had to fix a rly intricate bug
19:21 < bridge> <ryozuki> the syscall rax value was returning wrong
19:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> and what would u guess was the issue
19:22 < bridge> <milkeeycat> skill issue?
19:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah
19:22 < bridge> <ryozuki> the timer interrupt was restoring rax wrongly lmao
19:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> i should write tests
19:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> but idk hwo to test kernel
19:23 < bridge> <learath2> That sounds rather annoying to debug
19:23 < bridge> <ryozuki> yea
19:25 < bridge> <learath2> Testing a kernel is tricky. You usually want a userland testing suite so you can blackbox test it
19:26 < bridge> <ryozuki> userland u mean qemu with the kernel or a program inside the kernel
19:27 < bridge> <learath2> A program running within your kernel, so it can verify the kernel contracts
19:27 < bridge> <Assa> I think rounding is even better ‚úÖ
19:27 < bridge> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404516547334242454/screenshot_2025-08-11_19-26-53.png?ex=689b7977&is=689a27f7&hm=59f4b51c9cf6b21e9178d8351b0db697e1384913b655c0baf3999c9a48316ec1&
19:27 < bridge> <ryozuki> makes sense
19:27 < bridge> <learath2> For other things you can have traditional unit tests too
19:28 < bridge> <learath2> Like the elf loader can be tested by hooking/mocking the memory writes.
19:28 < bridge> <Assa> @jupeyy_keks it's ready, thank you ‚ù§Ô∏è the clipping before was off by more than 1 pixel and it was really annoying me
20:08 < bridge> <pilonpl> chroot is too powerful for simple use cases i think
20:09 < bridge> <pilonpl> also wikipedia claims it's not secure on most systems
20:10 < bridge> <pilonpl> which is weird because why wouldn't it be secure
20:10 < bridge> <pilonpl> well
20:11 < bridge> <pilonpl> root can still do anything
20:11 < bridge> <Ewan> and what is that
20:12 < bridge> <pilonpl> for example `chmod u+x script.sh`
20:12 < bridge> <Ewan> that just changes the bits
20:12 < bridge> <pilonpl> there is this whole other syntax
20:13 < bridge> <pilonpl> but i don't have to think about what each bit does
20:31 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 any idea why I don't see any benefits in setup time ony system? ü´£
20:32 < bridge> <robyt3> Maybe different compiler/settings
20:33 < bridge> <Assa> @robyt3 any idea why I don't see any benefits in setup time on my system? ü´£
20:33 < bridge> <Assa> hmm okay
20:33 < bridge> <Assa> yeah MSVC
20:34 < bridge> <robyt3> I also used MSVC for profiling though
20:41 < bridge> <teero777> can i completely disable prediction server-side?
20:41 < bridge> <teero777> can i completely disable prediction from the server-side?
20:46 < bridge> <Assa> you can send vanilla game info flags i guess
20:48 < bridge> <teero777> doesnt work
20:48 < bridge> <Assa> We could probably optimize setup time even more by precalculating tex coord indices
20:48 < bridge> <teero777> i need to disable it completely
20:48 < bridge> <Assa> hmm idk
21:10 < bridge> <ryozuki> https://github.blog/news-insights/company-news/goodbye-github/
21:40 < bridge> <Assa> I trolled myself with `uint8_t TableFlag = Flags & (TILEFLAG_XFLIP + TILEFLAG_YFLIP) + ((Flags & TILEFLAG_ROTATE) >> 1);` do you find the mistake?
21:41 < bridge> <kollpotato> should be `TILEFLAG_XFLIP | TILEFLAG_YFLIP`?
21:42 < bridge> <Assa> well yes but + also works here
21:42 < bridge> <Assa> well yes but + also works here, that's not the issue
21:42 < bridge> <chairn> wrong parenthesis order
21:43 < bridge> <chairn> & has precedence over +
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> + has precedence over &, so :
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> ```c
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> 1. x = (TILEFLAG_XFLIP + TILEFLAG_YFLIP)
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> 2. y = ((Flags & TILEFLAG_ROTATE) >> 1)
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> 3. z = x+y
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> 4. Flags & z
21:45 < bridge> <chairn> ```
21:45 < bridge> <Assa> yes
21:46 < bridge> <chairn> when you probably wanted:
21:46 < bridge> <chairn> ```c
21:46 < bridge> <chairn> (Flags & x) + y
21:46 < bridge> <chairn> ```
21:47 < bridge> <Assa> exactly
21:47 < bridge> <Assa> TILEFLAG_ROTATE is 8 and I am making a lookup table
21:56 < bridge> <Assa> @pioooooo please ping me when you have time, I may have an even faster loading client for you üòÑ
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> APIC timer started for preemptive scheduling (100Hz)
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> Preemptive scheduler initialized
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> EDOS Kernel Test Suite
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> Testing framework initialized
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> Running 3 tests
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_basic_alloc ... ok
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_vec_operations ... ok
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_large_alloc ... ok
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> test result: ok. 3 passed; 0 failed; 0 skipped
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> All tests passed!
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 i got some kind of unit tests
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> APIC timer started for preemptive scheduling (100Hz)
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> Preemptive scheduler initialized
22:13 < bridge> <ryozuki> edos Kernel Test Suite
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> Testing framework initialized
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> Running 3 tests
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_basic_alloc ... ok
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_vec_operations ... ok
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> test test_allocator_large_alloc ... ok
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> test result: ok. 3 passed; 0 failed; 0 skipped
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> All tests passed!
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
22:14 < bridge> <ryozuki> @learath2 i got some kind of unit tests
22:16 < bridge> <Ewan> nice
22:23 < bridge> <totar> teero will explode if you do this lol
22:39 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://youtu.be/wU8hQvU8aKM
22:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1404565126383800433/image.png?ex=689ba6b5&is=689a5535&hm=9d39b330bc69488bbc4fa5bcaabdc61a8f77d8f08461a9151e960d9b9fd7bd28&
22:40 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> if lto it can be copy elisioned o-o
22:40 < bridge> <Assa> he actually did explode
22:41 < bridge> <totar> it probably double or quadruples the minimum theoretical physics tick duration, which he is currently very close to
22:41 < bridge> <Ewan> i thought this was that Luke Smith guy and went "damn what a rebrand"
22:42 < bridge> <Ewan> poor bastards and their bastard surnames (myself included)
22:42 < bridge> <Ewan> too easy to confuse with each other
22:42 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> do it callback based and hope the callbacks get inlined!
22:43 < bridge> <totar> callback to what
22:44 < bridge> <teero777> man even turning off cl_predict doesn't turn of prediction completely
22:44 < bridge> <teero777> man wtf
22:44 < bridge> <totar> the client and server rely on some amount of prediction to reduce the networking bandwidth
22:44 < bridge> <totar> it's required
22:45 < bridge> <teero777> even in spectator team things get predicted somehow
22:45 < bridge> <teero777> but i know its possible to turn it off
22:45 < bridge> <totar> yes because of dead reconing
22:45 < bridge> <totar> you can't
22:45 < bridge> <teero777> yes i can
22:45 < bridge> <totar> the client needs it to construct the snapshot
22:45 < bridge> <teero777> there are literally gamemodes rely on the client not predicting
22:46 < bridge> <totar> that's not the same thing
22:46 < bridge> <totar> the server has the option to not use dead reckoning I think, but the client doesnt
22:52 < bridge> <reitw> tbh my name has that cuz Rei was taken
23:26 < bridge> <kebscs> The Witcher
23:27 < bridge> <Ewan> you must be kebs cave story
23:27 < bridge> <Ewan> kebs counter strike
23:27 < bridge> <kebscs> counter strike
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> oh it's actually not computer science
23:29 < bridge> <Ewan> cool
23:30 < bridge> <kebscs> nahh
23:30 < bridge> <kebscs> computer science üíÄ
23:38 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> instead of returning a vector of stuff you pass in a callback for every item that would be in the vector
23:40 < bridge> <totar> idk that might work but it's still scary
23:41 < bridge> <Ewan> tater when he learns about rust map üò±
23:42 < bridge> <totar> doing basically anything that isn't free in teeros physics completely destroys the performance
23:43 < bridge> <totar> every loop is vectorized
23:55 < bridge> <pioooooo> üëÄ
