00:00 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> @learath2 I 50% blame my lack of svelte knowledge but istg your code is giving me a bit of a headache
00:01 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> also there's stuff missing which I'm sure it's cuz of security reasons, so I can't even experiment
00:01 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> :pepeW:
00:01 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> I will however fix your skin render to the best of my ability
00:02 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> expect a pr in a few days after im done moving
00:02 < bridge_> <Some Moderator> also there's stuff missing which I'm sure it's cuz of security/privacy reasons, so I can't even experiment
00:48 < bridge_> <melo∆û> changed this by deen's request in #10096
00:48 < bridge_> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364372316838035497/image.png?ex=68096e3d&is=68081cbd&hm=0d901fa8a3c00c7ca45c99e3c979d5478d1b2ece74077d55545e3f946906a1fb&
00:48 < bridge_> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364372317303472179/image.png?ex=68096e3d&is=68081cbd&hm=d8987ed9b8583e1dc01cb3182c53224f2f3a96b9ba53126916fdf6b94a35b67a&
00:48 < bridge_> <melo∆û> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364372317530095656/Journey_Man_2.map?ex=68096e3d&is=68081cbd&hm=a9689d9b1cfd224adbdc3571733a17b1893c4fb312d5d6618def30ff28b5dcc7&
00:48 < bridge_> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10096
01:07 < bridge_> <kebscs> so do i reopen the pr or what
01:07 < bridge_> <kebscs> i closed bcs its kinda the only way to have a shield inbetween tiles
01:08 < bridge_> <kebscs> but if you fix it, then idk
01:12 < bridge_> <melo∆û> I agree with patiga and Deen that fixing broken behaviour that has been broken for a good decade isn't something we should do.
01:12 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
01:12 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Not because it's good practice, but because it prevents non functional stuff to function all of a sudden - which.. could be bad even outside of DDNet
01:12 < bridge_> <melo∆û> I think just fixing that one map is more than enough, our testing bot screams with mirrored tiles anyway
01:13 < bridge_> <kebscs> there are few other maps with mirrored speeder
01:13 < bridge_> <kebscs> but it was the only 1 with entity on top
01:14 < bridge_> <melo∆û> are they just used as indicators then? 
01:14 < bridge_> <melo∆û> 
01:14 < bridge_> <melo∆û> I wouldn't worry about it, it's something we look out for now so best to not touch :monkalaugh:
01:15 < bridge_> <kebscs> yes indicators
01:15 < bridge_> <kebscs> they look the same as the normal speeder so the mapper probably didnt notice
01:16 < bridge_> <melo∆û> Yeah Most likely, I mean we could fix them, but there's no need at all, given they don't affect anything IMO
07:33 < bridge_> <Assa> we could easily render an error tile in the editor for any invalid ones
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> I have an idea and a question: Can we add a map-format-update milestone and link issues to them? We have bugs/things, that would affect existing physics and probably existing maps, but that we could fix if the map format updates and we check the version. Because if we ever decide to update the format again in the future, we also have the opportunity to fix this bugs/issues/feature.
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> 
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> I have following issues in mind:
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> `#9946 #9947 #9973 (port water ofc) #4523 #8458 #6394`
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> 
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> I am aware, that most of them are mine, but also be aware, that I can not have every issue in mind and it's hard to search üòÑ
09:23 < bridge_> <Assa> (please bot don't do it)
09:24 < bridge_> <Assa> good bot
09:24 < bridge_> <DDNet> :3
09:32 < bridge_> <learath2> Tfw you picked the part that's most not an issue to fix.:D
09:32 < bridge_> <learath2> Tfw you picked the part that's most not an issue to fix üòÑ
09:34 < bridge_> <learath2> There should be everything you need there to launch an instance. Just need to use `test_data.json` instead of `prefiltered.json`
09:42 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 can you do something about 87.251.78.171:8301
09:43 < bridge_> <learath2> What is wrong with it? Is it one of our servers?
09:43 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> it is spoofing my bff "zhn"
09:43 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> since april first
09:43 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> its fake master server data and its on the top of my list at all times
09:43 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> but its not a real server
09:44 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> its honestly annoying me since 20 days straight
10:04 < bridge_> <learath2> I don't see it spoofing any players rn, are you sure they are still doing it?
10:05 < bridge_> <learath2> Oh, it's random it seems
10:45 < bridge_> <ikeed> @gerdoe :thonk:
10:46 < bridge_> <ikeed> turned that server off
11:54 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> thanks finally
11:54 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> @ikeed you turned it off?
11:56 < ws-client4> <ChillerDragon> @learath2 for me it was the same 4 players every time <:tee_thinking:478629518358085653>
12:06 < bridge_> <ikeed> yes, its part of nobyfng, ive never checked this server before, genuinely thought zhn is playing on it
12:07 < bridge_> <ikeed> but yeah, iirc it counts as inflating server number with bots or some such bannable thing
12:28 < bridge_> <chillerdragon> @ikeed: Ah it‚Äôs you Uncle. I did not recognize the name shown on irc. Tbh nobody cares about spoofing 4 fake players. But it happend to be one of my friends which made it annoying because I thought my friend is playing there .\_.
12:32 < bridge_> <Assa> what the heck am I supposed to answer him, that's horrible
12:32 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364549518812643459/Screenshot_20250423-123127.png?ex=680a1345&is=6808c1c5&hm=9e6cadf636ebf265705b38e39068290c8604adc2cd7e62b5101c4bd85b935d19&
12:41 < bridge_> <ikeed> i mean, he made this server, guess the joke was a success :kek:
12:44 < bridge_> <Assa> https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/workflow.png
12:56 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Maybe we simply don't accommodate bug abuse if that bug isn't deliberately used by publicly available maps
13:04 < bridge_> <learath2> We should add spacebar heating to ddnet
13:05 < bridge_> <Assa> This person is running a mod and used speedtile id 128+ for this, but they are now rendered. My PR now aggressively renders any speedtile witch is not 0
13:06 < bridge_> <Assa> We could ignore them from rendering ingame (with overlays) and reserve this tiles as configuration tiles, like he uses them
13:06 < bridge_> <Assa> But I guess you'll say "why should we do this"
13:14 < bridge_> <robyt3> I think we generally don't want invisible entities
13:14 < bridge_> <robyt3> Anything that has an effect should be visible
13:21 < bridge_> <zhn> :nouis:
13:21 < bridge_> <zhn> april fools for entire april wasn't part of my plan, sorry xd
13:27 < bridge_> <Assa> ^ RFC
13:59 < bridge_> <Assa> yes I agree, the PR now only hides **unused** speedup layer **tiles** **_ingame_**
14:02 < bridge_> <Assa> I can already see the next modder screaming "my custom speedup tiles are now invisible ingame"
14:20 < bridge_> <Assa> @me
14:41 < bridge_> <Assa> @soulyvevo this looks awesome üòÆ
14:41 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364582021871173692/screenshot_2025-04-23_14-41-21.png?ex=680a318a&is=6808e00a&hm=457d80e26d348dc5a57eb54984f3c53fa0355fb0037e63da7e0884989fe38e58&
15:27 < bridge_> <zhn> @soulyvevo trouly got noby patch ingame lmfaoo
15:30 < bridge_> <ryozuki> @learath2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmx3FBPzDuk
15:42 < bridge_> <Assa> what?
15:42 < bridge_> <Assa> I know this one from half a year ago
15:44 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Yeah this kinda old news
15:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> ok
15:44 < bridge_> <ryozuki> fancy vid tho
15:48 < bridge_> <Assa> @kebscs We can make it rotate, but only in one direction :/
15:50 < bridge_> <kebscs> why not get bigger and smaller
15:50 < bridge_> <kebscs> like on loop change size bigger-smaller
15:50 < bridge_> <kebscs> pulsating?
15:54 < bridge_> <learath2> I think I mentioned busy beavers here once
15:54 < bridge_> <Assa> oh thats a neat idea üëç:owo:
15:54 < bridge_> <learath2> BB(6) when?
16:00 < bridge_> <Assa> do you think of a fast pulsation or a slow one? ü§î
16:02 < bridge_> <Assa> the fast one actually looks better, because the freeze lasers flicker themself
16:04 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364602847748030495/freeze_laser_test_2025-04-23_16-03-49.mp4?ex=680a44ef&is=6808f36f&hm=563381e361cb44bb538957c39d3ae384a2ea73ea5251f7eb1588af017145ccee&
16:05 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> can the end of the laser be closed?
16:06 < bridge_> <kebscs> Idk which one all look very close
16:06 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> no outline ontop
16:06 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364603383821897758/image.png?ex=680a456f&is=6808f3ef&hm=326896713c74be7aee46d709cf3cb2e623bd2c99890123419c3466139cf3d621&
16:06 < bridge_> <Assa> yes, we could put any visual there
16:06 < bridge_> <kebscs> Did it look wrong with old laser and only head pulsating?
16:07 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> i like the pulsing visually, but idk if it screams "freeze"
16:07 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> the frozen icon does
16:07 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> would be nice if the outline thickness of the icon and ingame was the same
16:07 < bridge_> <Assa> the frozen icon is perfect, it's the same as the freeze icon, it screams freeze
16:07 < bridge_> <Assa> the frozen icon is perfect, it's the same as the freeze particle effect, it screams freeze
16:08 < bridge_> <Assa> what do you mean, you mean the outline is too big?
16:09 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> of the icon, yeah
16:09 < bridge_> <Assa> what do you mean, you mean the outline is too big (of the laser head)?
16:09 < bridge_> <Assa> I think this is an illusion, since the snowflake has some holes in it, but I'll adjust
16:10 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364604326990839949/image.png?ex=680a4650&is=6808f4d0&hm=985e670612eb481165ee1db6ed636c4ab8f2d1bbed94eaf820bbf40dc400731b&
16:11 < bridge_> <Assa> yeah you were right
16:11 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> did you manage to do it already wow
16:11 < bridge_> <Assa> it's just 1 value üòÑ
16:11 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> did you manage to do it already
16:11 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> -# wow
16:12 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> oh is the snowflake rendered in game?
16:12 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> rather than an icon or smthin
16:12 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> rather than a png or smthin
16:12 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> rather than an image
16:12 < bridge_> <Assa> it reallly depends on what frame you take
16:12 < bridge_> <Assa> thinner outline of icon
16:12 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364604947131404308/screenshot_2025-04-23_16-12-19.png?ex=680a46e4&is=6808f564&hm=ee1e48fe25d273925188907405fc8d068e21fb6c29a78c10949e65403dd55bc7&
16:13 < bridge_> <Assa> I don't understand that question, it's an image, but you can just adjust "scale"
16:14 < bridge_> <Assa> I coulf fix this for any laser tbh, I'll do it for the grabber now
16:14 < bridge_> <Assa> I coulf fix this for any laser tbh, I'll do it for the freeze now
16:18 < bridge_> <Assa> I need to take that one back :justatest:
16:36 < bridge_> <Assa> this was hard, not gonna lie
16:36 < bridge_> <Assa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364610929714528286/screenshot_2025-04-23_16-36-23.png?ex=680a4c76&is=6808faf6&hm=d4d898c1d48e49d2eafef3e15a8ea6ba867d7d6db672363707214d6f82af2f4b&
16:42 < bridge_> <Assa> do doors from the default game layer not have a hitbox?
16:44 < bridge_> <Assa> they don't have a hitbox until you add a switchlayer to the map üíÄ
16:51 < bridge_> <kebscs> They do
16:52 < bridge_> <kebscs> nvm they dont
16:52 < bridge_> <kebscs> since when
16:58 < bridge_> <Assa> do you want to open an issue or should I? :pepeW:
16:59 < bridge_> <kebscs> probably "intended"
17:00 < bridge_> <Assa> I do have a motto for things like that: Open issue if not certain
17:01 < bridge_> <kebscs> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/2526
17:03 < bridge_> <kebscs> I didn't know this but my door prediction still works fine
17:03 < bridge_> <kebscs> üëç
17:13 < bridge_> <Assa> I would be a big fan, if we put cheaters into the shadow realm, the same map but only for themself üôÇ
17:14 < bridge_> <Assa> great, now I have on my todo list "implement shadow realm"
17:15 < bridge_> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I approve
17:22 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> add a single server for banned players in the server list with 63 players limit and make it a dummy map
17:22 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> they will suffer with dummies
18:22 < bridge_> <kollpotato> it should be linear
18:34 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> my fav dummy map
18:34 < bridge_> <Solly (bun bun)> linaer 2
21:23 < bridge_> <kebscs> @essigautomat cant really tell its a snow partcile unless i zoom in
21:23 < bridge_> <kebscs> maybe make it white?
21:23 < bridge_> <kebscs> or idk contrast with the inner color
21:37 < bridge_> <ryozuki> https://preshing.com/20160314/leapfrog-probing/
21:37 < bridge_> <ryozuki> ill try to impl a leapfrog map
21:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> going to be doing some work on the maps pages for ddnet.org, this is just a simple background color + border rounding on `.release`, think it makes the grouping of the inner elements a lot more clear and obvious (do tiles belong to the map preview above or below them)
21:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> 
21:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> also plan to fix the sometimes 2 per line sometimes 3 thing, its probably hardcoded spaces or something overflowing but it should never look like this
21:48 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364689505986285648/image.png?ex=680a95a4&is=68094424&hm=d3381ef754aca13b30a71d453570e02f06c906c14e611c91cc331e219fa796d7&
21:50 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> lmk if you think this is too "modern" for the rest of the look and i can tweak things. i also think generally the way spacing is used (margin, padding) throughout the site needs some fixes. but overall i dont think a whole site rewrite is in order, i quite like the look of the site currently and it just needs tweaks
21:54 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> there has been talk about redoing the whole site to make it more modern, so at least in the long term there's no worry about keeping the game looking and feeling oldschool
21:55 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i know but these talks have popped up a lot and no one ever really commits to a full rewrite so for now im just going to make it look nice now lol
21:55 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> its been a few different names offering
21:55 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> oh you're just saying about the style i thin k
21:55 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> oh you're just saying about the style i think
21:55 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Like the friend who introduced me to the game was genuinely surprised the game is still getting updates :P
21:56 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I don't think stuff looking old is doing us many favors
21:56 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> yeah i guess you're right, though i would be sad if it didnt have the same "generated html" look to it
21:56 < bridge_> <melo∆û> deen denied that proposal
21:56 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i guess there is a balance to strike imo
21:56 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i would hate for it to look like for example some bootstrap or react site
21:56 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah we don't want to feel like yet another generic thing
21:56 < bridge_> <melo∆û> i forgot who it was, who proposed to make it similar to osu's website, which imo is reaaaaaaallly good
21:57 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> osu! is beautiful but the new site is maybe going a bit overboard
21:57 < bridge_> <melo∆û> but deen wants to keep it pure (e.g css, html and a bit of js
21:57 < bridge_> <melo∆û> but deen wants to keep it pure (css, html and a bit of js)
21:57 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> (sorry to put these on blast but) examples of this that i really dont like are https://teedata.net/ and https://kog.tw/ they are very close to the bootstrap look and feel
21:58 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> You can make really pretty stuff even with reasonable amounts of CSS
21:58 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> not that I'd do any of that, eww gross web
21:58 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i think this is probably just to have functional sites without fuss over the design but for something like ddnet the look should be taken seriously
21:58 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i love css, ive done it professionally for a while
21:58 < bridge_> <melo∆û> fr - imagine frontend
21:58 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i feel like i cant contribute to the game with my current understanding of the code + CPP so this is my only real way to contrib
21:58 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> I'm fine with native frontend applications :)
21:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> thank god XD
21:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> yeah in that case i think i can get really close to what he wants
21:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> it also have to hook up well to his html builder stuff
21:59 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> imo just modern CSS instead of float will fix a lot
22:00 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> If we don't adopt some framework or other big tools I could totally see a site overhaul happening in a nice gradual manner
22:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> its just like any changes to the game
22:00 < bridge_> <melo∆û> maybe ask @alex0006 - he initially offered to rework the website
22:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> small PRs, one at a time
22:00 < bridge_> <melo∆û> work together boys!
22:00 < bridge_> <melo∆û> apes together stronk
22:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i already did such changes before to fix the compare page
22:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> bota seemed focused on a framework iirc
22:00 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> angular or such
22:00 < bridge_> <melo∆û> makes sense if he does it professionally tho
22:01 < bridge_> <melo∆û> i think the hate for frameworks comes from them being overused and often times unoptimized
22:01 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but i mean hey if he wants to get down to brass tacks and join me in raw CSS land thats cool
22:01 < bridge_> <melo∆û> raw CSS land <a:kekw:1106634599221698571>
22:01 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> unoptimized and looks awful imo
22:01 < bridge_> <Ewan> it‚Äôs fine
22:01 < bridge_> <melo∆û> `hey claude, long time no see, write me a styles.css that paints this website beautiful"
22:01 < bridge_> <Ewan> or sass
22:01 < bridge_> <Ewan> just use sass
22:01 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> my work was mostly in the shopify world which is ALL sass/scss/css
22:02 < bridge_> <Ewan> sass goated.
22:02 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i think most things can be achieved with modern css though
22:02 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> SaSS is good in theory but aSS like a solid 30% of the time in practice
22:02 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> usually unnecessary unless you have large sites
22:02 < bridge_> <Ewan> :greenthing:
22:02 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> risu did u realize what we meant xd
22:02 < bridge_> <Ewan> me when i acronyze
22:02 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> yeah I oopsied
22:02 < bridge_> <Ewan> happens
22:03 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i dont even think we use css variables on ddnet.org currently
22:03 < bridge_> <Assa> I already made it bigger, than on my first Screenshot, it's as big as other laserheads :/
22:03 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> Does the site work on IE 4 though?
22:03 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> also i know the spirit of the game is to support old pcs but PLEASE lets not support IE xD
22:03 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> (I don't remember the version number that people talk about being forced to support lol)
22:03 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> lol same exact time
22:03 < bridge_> <melo∆û> let me try
22:04 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i hate polyfill libraries i swear i wont use any
22:04 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> if ur shit breaks then get a normal browser
22:04 < bridge_> <jxsl13> libraries? what libraries?
22:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> also there's too much usage of margin in ddnet.org, which means you often cant cleanly change colors of things because they dont really have backgrounds
22:05 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> so what LOOKS like the container is actually just the root of the document or the wrapper of the main element
22:05 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> if we don't support WinXP we don't need to support IE :greenthing:
22:05 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> (guys we should totally have official support for FreeDOS)
22:05 < bridge_> <jxsl13> WinXP best operating system
22:06 < bridge_> <inv41idu53rn4m3> best Windows at least
22:06 < bridge_> <jxsl13> yep
22:10 < bridge_> <kebscs> tested in game, still same
22:10 < bridge_> <kebscs> looks like star of david
22:11 < bridge_> <Assa> yes, star is also 'hectagonal' üôà what would you do instead
22:12 < bridge_> <kebscs> idk
22:13 < bridge_> <kebscs> make the star only inverted color, so its white like a snowflake
22:13 < bridge_> <kebscs> bcs at this size and detail its kinda hard to guess what it is
22:14 < bridge_> <Bota> Annoy deen to review my repo
22:14 < bridge_> <Bota> He got no time
22:15 < bridge_> <kebscs> whats the repo so we can give feedback
22:16 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> map render bug, outside of map range
22:16 < bridge_> <fokkonaut> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364696415867109497/image.png?ex=680a9c14&is=68094a94&hm=e0e7214bb94fd990b20e9e8c7d0273b2ec7c0d904b559d8be19a3a973d33df84&
22:18 < bridge_> <Bota> I madw it private. I want deen to approve the approach i took. I dont put effort into something that wont get used
22:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but you did? if he declined
22:19 < bridge_> <Bota> Its just a selecton with 1 component
22:19 < bridge_> <Bota> So not tooo much
22:19 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> what's the point of something small being private then, I guess we can't collaborate
22:19 < bridge_> <ryozuki> does it have js?
22:19 < bridge_> <Bota> Ye
22:19 < bridge_> <ryozuki> xd
22:19 < bridge_> <ryozuki> gl
22:19 < bridge_> <Bota> I can make it public ig
22:20 < bridge_> <Bota> Its angular
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> ur best bet at having this on ddnet is to make it public and a pr stunt
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> xd
22:20 < bridge_> <Bota> No wizard stuff
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> oof angular
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> why such old stuff
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> xd
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> svelte best
22:20 < bridge_> <ryozuki> deen is anti js
22:20 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> svelte is pretty nice
22:20 < bridge_> <kebscs> if it looks good then doesnt rly matter
22:21 < bridge_> <ryozuki> oh it matters
22:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i fucking hate angular, react is bearable after lots of tedium containing it
22:21 < bridge_> <kebscs> noone touches the website design anyway
22:21 < bridge_> <ryozuki> i dont wanna rly touch angular
22:21 < bridge_> <ryozuki> im one of the few that did xd
22:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> mostly because of react native
22:21 < bridge_> <Bota> Angular aint old
22:21 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> svelte is probably the framework that respects the dev the most
22:21 < bridge_> <ryozuki> angular
22:21 < bridge_> <ryozuki> Initial release    October 20, 2010
22:22 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> only thing that rly uses angular is uhh youtube
22:22 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> cus google
22:22 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> :greenthing:
22:22 < bridge_> <ryozuki> anyway problem is that deen generates ranks statically
22:22 < bridge_> <ryozuki> hmm and i think a api would be to slow
22:22 < bridge_> <ryozuki> cuz so many ranks
22:22 < bridge_> <ryozuki> but idk
22:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> has to be method agnostic
22:23 < bridge_> <ryozuki> player pages are generated constly, when it finishes it starts again, and it takes like 30 mins iirc
22:23 < bridge_> <ryozuki> probs more now
22:23 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> using local tools I assume
22:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> anyway i dont wanna discourage
22:24 < bridge_> <ryozuki> if ur web is awesome maybe it gets in
22:25 < bridge_> <Assa> I have an idea why :/
22:26 < bridge_> <Assa> oO idk what inverted color would help
22:27 < bridge_> <kebscs> i mean inverted to inner color so its constracting
22:27 < bridge_> <kebscs> but idk how would that look like
22:28 < bridge_> <Assa> it's the same size as the particle effect
22:30 < bridge_> <Bota> @ryozuki @gorp_tw https://github.com/butilka123/DDNet.org
22:31 < bridge_> <kebscs> yea but they are white, few of them and spin a bit
22:31 < bridge_> <ryozuki> u need to host it somewhere
22:31 < bridge_> <kebscs> so you can tell
22:32 < bridge_> <Bota> I don‚Äôt wanna pay a server for a year until deen got time to look at it
22:32 < bridge_> <ryozuki> gh pages?
22:32 < bridge_> <Bota> Good idea actually
22:32 < bridge_> <Bota> Never thought about that
22:32 < bridge_> <Bota> Ima do that some day
22:34 < bridge_> <kebscs> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1364700955291029625/image.png?ex=680aa04e&is=68094ece&hm=ef7d66a7cffb67a71a2fbe68f9d208c0c786006e6f76e35718e82f101be40265&
22:37 < bridge_> <Bota> Thats my dumm page i made yes
22:38 < bridge_> <Bota> I want a approval from deen if this is ok / how its done
22:38 < bridge_> <melo∆û> looks good imo :owo:
22:38 < bridge_> <Bota> Ideally we set up a crm page for deen
22:39 < bridge_> <Bota> Then he can ez add / delete stuff
22:39 < bridge_> <Bota> But first I want a go
22:39 < bridge_> <Bota> Else i do none
22:40 < bridge_> <kebscs> i mean it looks like old website but more modern
22:41 < bridge_> <Bota> With prime you can change style in the config and entire website / project is adjusted
22:41 < bridge_> <Bota> I made an VERY dynamic approach
22:43 < bridge_> <melo∆û> @alex0006 can you ban @murpi he's blocking me
22:43 < bridge_> <Bota> yes, id love too
22:43 < bridge_> <Bota> @murpi you better hide
22:47 < bridge_> <murpi> wasn't me
23:11 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> @alex0006 how would you target the changelog author for styling? or do you anticipate deen entering it in a separate field
23:12 < bridge_> <Bota> https://github.com/butilka123/DDNet.org/blob/master/src/app/ddnet-theme.ts
23:12 < bridge_> <Bota> 
23:13 < bridge_> <Bota> this is a prime ng config
23:13 < bridge_> <Bota> its beeing used for all prime ng components
23:13 < bridge_> <Bota> with tailwindcss and primeng i try to only use variables in components
23:13 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> idk how this answers my question rly xd
23:13 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> yes I see how you are making it
23:14 < bridge_> <Bota> then explain ur question again
23:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but on the official website currently they are the same group of text
23:14 < bridge_> <Bota> me stoodid
23:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> just parenthesized
23:14 < bridge_> <Bota> i dont understand what you mean
23:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> do you intend to back port it all with regex or something
23:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> gg
23:14 < bridge_> <Bota> he?
23:14 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> [Editor] Changed a thing (Learath2)
23:15 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> for example
23:15 < bridge_> <Bota> ah
23:15 < bridge_> <Bota> yes?
23:15 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> so you would parse it with regex and replace with two components
23:15 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> or something idk
23:15 < bridge_> <Bota> my plan was fetching such info fron a backend
23:15 < bridge_> <Bota> with a CMS
23:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> you want to replace deen's workflow without asking deen if he wants his workflow replaced? xD
23:16 < bridge_> <Bota> writing such stuff from hand is pure pain
23:16 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i get what you're saying but, this has implications on how he formats his changes
23:16 < bridge_> <Bota> a CMS would really help
23:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i don't really agree that its a "pain" this is someone who is used to doing it and does it often. and these changes are few and far between, not an everyday thing
23:17 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> i do see the benefit of a CMS generally
23:18 < bridge_> <Bota> https://github.com/butilka123/DDNet.org/blob/master/src/app/feature/downloads/downloads.component.ts
23:18 < bridge_> <Bota> 
23:18 < bridge_> <Bota> i mean just extenting the array is all
23:18 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> but I love that the current way is extremely visible through version control
23:18 < bridge_> <Bota> if you do it by hand
23:26 < bridge_> <robyt3> You also need to consider that the changelog needs to be converted (probably currently manually by deen) into a weird format that the client parses from the `news` field in https://info.ddnet.org/info
23:27 < bridge_> <louis> pretty sure bota mentioned he specifically asked deen for his opinion earlier
23:27 < bridge_> <louis> anyways web dev sucks so gl with your project
23:29 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> this is also just one way that data is input, I'm sure there are a few different areas where considerations like this would need to be made
23:29 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> IMO it should start simply as a 1 to 1 mapping of current elements on the page, introduce no other overhead other than data entry is done elsewhere
23:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> this happens a lot in client work in my experience.
23:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> client: can you do X?
23:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> dev: yes
23:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> client: but you added Y to X, I just want it to look like X without entering Y
23:31 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> :nouis:
23:31 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> bad dev
23:31 < bridge_> <oxyzo.> fire dev
23:31 < bridge_> <gorp_tw> and yes sometimes this means you will have potentially error-prone parsing/regex but it's better than complicating simple systems
