00:01 < bridge> <zwelf2> Finally got around reviewing it. Looks really good @learath2  and sorry again for long review time. Had/have too much other stuff going on right now. Currently feeling like starting to do some DDNet stuff again (but cant promise anything üòÖ).
00:07 < bridge> <zwelf2> example c file: https://gitlab.com/zwelf/teehistorian/-/blob/v0.5.1/examples-c/print-extension.c?ref_type=tags
00:07 < bridge> <zwelf2> example c file: https://gitlab.com/zwelf/teehistorian/-/blob/v0.5.1/examples-c/print-extension.c?ref_type=tags
00:28 < bridge> <kebscs> ok thats better
00:29 < bridge> <kebscs> dont have teehistorian data to test though so not sure how i would do it
00:30 < bridge> <kebscs> since the header is basic
00:33 < bridge> <zwelf2> Yeah, teehistorian crate is probably too low level, teehistorian-replayer is probably the abstraction that would be most useful. If you are looking just for some teehistorian data you can find the the test cases for twgame here: https://gitlab.com/ddnet-rs/twgame/-/tree/master/replayer/res?ref_type=heads
00:33 < bridge> <zwelf2> Those are all created using a local server and `tee_historian 1`
00:41 < bridge> <kebscs> idk
01:15 < bridge> <Ewan> i can do anything in c++/python
01:18 < bridge> <kebscs> its c though :greenthing:
01:18 < bridge> <kebscs> and i dont have teehistorian data
01:26 < bridge> <patiga> as Zwelf pointed out, you find find normal teehistorian data in his repo. if you are that far and need the teehistorians from the servers, you'll need to contact admins
01:26 < bridge> <patiga> and you can ofc use the c bindings in C++, that shouldn't be an issue
01:36 < bridge> <kebscs> i do this for fun in free time
01:36 < bridge> <kebscs> if i have to ask for data, learn rust or whatever i cba
01:36 < bridge> <kebscs> ill do other pr
01:37 < bridge> <patiga> hf I guess ^^
02:27 < bridge> <kebscs> https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2931317347
03:16 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Secret
07:11 < bridge> <ryozuki> yeah simply dont do it
07:11 < bridge> <uxsqwer> i god
07:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> @kebscs is it public where u explained the bug and how to find it etc?
07:12 < bridge> <uxsqwer> yes
07:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> where
07:12 < bridge> <ryozuki> oh ur a troll
07:12 < bridge> <uxsqwer> why?
07:12 < bridge> <uxsqwer> i not troll
07:12 < bridge> <uxsqwer> i god
07:13 < bridge> <uxsqwer> what are you doing?
09:26 < bridge> <Assa> we don't have a single user, who is missing any achievement üí™
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> If I create a fastcap server, what gameflags do I need to set? I noticed, that the client has it's own fastcap flag and a vanilla flag, do I need both? Why does the fastcapflag exist?
10:36 < bridge> <Assa> relating to this client code: https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/3ad9ae534b86a0295441906374ef58ab3853ba01/src/game/client/gameclient.cpp#L1441
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> okay, since I based this on ddnet, I don't want to set the vanilla flag. Since it's the lastest version, I need to be careful with all of this flags, I'll need
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> For damage:
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_AMMO
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_HEALTH_ARMOR
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> For race/fastcap:
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_RACE
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ENTITIES_DDNET (yes, I don't want vanilla entities here, new version)
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE (s.a.)
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ALLOW__ * yeah why not
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_FLAG_STARTS_RACE (only fastcap)
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_FASTCAP (obviously)
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> What does this do?
10:47 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_DONT_MASK_ENTITIES
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> - Does GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDNET not exist? Is this the same as GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE?
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_BUG_VANILLA_BOUNCE what is this? why? do I need this?
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ALLOW_HOOK_COLL what is this?
10:48 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_RACE_RECORD_MESSAGE what's the difference to GAMEINFOFLAG_DDRACE_RECORD_MESSAGE ?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> okay, since I based this on ddnet, I don't want to set the vanilla flag. Since it's the lastest version, I need to be careful with all of this flags, I'll need
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> For damage:
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_AMMO
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_HEALTH_ARMOR
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> For race/fastcap:
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_RACE
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ENTITIES_DDNET (yes, I don't want vanilla entities here, new version)
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE (s.a.)
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ALLOW__ * yeah why not
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_FLAG_STARTS_RACE (only fastcap)
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_FASTCAP (obviously)
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> What does this do?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_DONT_MASK_ENTITIES
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - Does GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDNET not exist? Is this the same as GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_BUG_VANILLA_BOUNCE what is this? why? do I need this?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_ALLOW_HOOK_COLL what is this?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> - GAMEINFOFLAG_RACE_RECORD_MESSAGE what's the difference to GAMEINFOFLAG_DDRACE_RECORD_MESSAGE ?
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> 
10:51 < bridge> <Assa> They are all `git blame` @0xdeen  :justatest:
11:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat i added some bugsis to ma asmr progaming again. U want to debug it? xd
11:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @Assa GAMEINFOFLAG_ALLOW_HOOK_COLL is to allow hookcoll
11:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> in some modes it is considered a cheat
11:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @Assa while you are looking at flags i would like to get your input here https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8923
11:54 < bridge> <Assa> what is hookcoll?
11:54 < bridge> <Assa> is that the hook collision line thing?
11:55 < bridge> <Assa> ahh okay yeah probably
11:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> +showhookcoll the aimline that was added in 2002
11:55 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Yes
11:55 < bridge> <Assa> I give you a review in an hour üëç
11:56 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: do you want to debug assembly spitted out by my compiler backend? xd
12:03 < bridge> <chillerdragon> No
12:03 < bridge> <milkeeycat> :c
12:04 < bridge> <chillerdragon> Xd
12:04 < bridge> <melon> :c
12:05 < bridge> <milkeeycat> one day I'll finish this https://github.com/MilkeeyCat/ddnet-meraki xd
12:59 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat i created u epic write up im sure it will be fun! https://github.com/ChillerDragon/teeworlds-asmr/issues/10
13:04 < bridge> <Assa> wait what this isn't even correct when setting predict DDRACE?
13:04 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wat is not correct
13:05 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> I am pretty satisfied with the current state in ddnet-insta where stoppa and vanilla pickups both are predicted correctly with antiping on and off
13:05 < bridge> <Assa> for me the prediction doesn't do this with this flag, but I guess I also set prediction flag vanilla, so both flags
13:05 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> do what
13:05 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> which flag
13:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so many options D: 
13:06 < bridge> <Assa> GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_VANILLA | GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE
13:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> what are they not doing for you?
13:08 < bridge> <Assa> I guess I just didn't have a mixed map like this anywhere, so I never ran into this
13:08 < bridge> <kebscs> This 2 flags cancel each other no?
13:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> race usually does not use many ddrace features
13:09 < bridge> <Assa> ```
13:09 < bridge> <Assa> if(g_Config.m_SvHealthAndAmmo)
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>     {
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags &= ~(GAMEINFOFLAG_UNLIMITED_AMMO | GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_DDNET | GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_DDRACE | GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_DDRACE);
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags |= (GAMEINFOFLAG_GAMETYPE_VANILLA | GAMEINFOFLAG_PREDICT_VANILLA);
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags2 &= ~(GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_DDRACE | GAMEINFOFLAG2_DDRACE_TEAM);
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>         pGameInfoEx->m_Flags2 |= (GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_HEALTH_ARMOR | GAMEINFOFLAG2_HUD_AMMO);
13:09 < bridge> <Assa>     }```
13:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @kebscs i wouldnt be suprised if not. Imo the flags rn are not as obvious as they should be
13:09 < bridge> <Assa> so it's already mixed depending on the mapsetting, for fastcap all ddrace tiles will not predict
13:09 < bridge> <Assa> so it's already mixed depending on the mapsetting, for fastcap all ddrace tiles will not predict, since sv_healt_and_ammo will always be true
13:10 < bridge> <Assa> but on the other hand I've never seen a ctf map with ddrace tiles ever
13:10 < ChillerDragon> yea its rare
13:11 < ChillerDragon> also it never really was well predicted or supported there were only a few tiny projects actually supporting it
13:11 < ChillerDragon> i am planning to implement it correctly so some mappers can use it
13:11 < ChillerDragon> @Assa you are working on a fork now not ddnet pr?
13:15 < bridge> <Assa> I am working on a fork rn, but it's a good thing that I am doing it. The fork is already 7 years old and now I am upgrading it basically. I gave heinrich the use case he requested
13:16 < ChillerDragon> where did he request a use case @Assa?
13:16 < bridge> <Assa> We have maps with damage enabled, race maps with grenades where you, beseides wanting to be as fast as possible, need to track how much hp you have and if you need to pickup health and how much of it
13:16 < bridge> <Assa> heinrich wrote:
13:16 < ChillerDragon> ah so its not a new fork you just merge the old unique?
13:16 < bridge> <Assa> 
13:16 < bridge> <Assa> > There should not be more customization options like that without a clear use case. This rules out your proposal (currently) because I don't see a clear use case for each flag.
13:16 < ChillerDragon> where did he write that
13:17 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8923#issuecomment-2367663500
13:17 < ChillerDragon> ty
13:17 < bridge> <Assa> well, not a merge, more like a rewrite
13:17 < ChillerDragon> oh
13:17 < ChillerDragon> may i try to sell you something then? xd
13:17 < bridge> <Assa> is it the antibot?
13:17 < ChillerDragon> that too
13:18 < ChillerDragon> antibob is goated
13:18 < ChillerDragon> but i wanted to plug ddnet-insta
13:18 < ChillerDragon> you could fork of that and then i will maintain some merge conflicts for you
13:18 < bridge> <Assa> I already asked around in PMs for antibot ... you are not PMable
13:18 < ChillerDragon> you can just create a new fastcapp.cpp gamemode and add flags without risking a git conflict
13:18 < ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ddnet-insta/ddnet-insta/blob/d546b1b61a3b53e18a5d9a556c079d9d6494572e/src/game/server/gamemodes/vanilla/base_vanilla.cpp#L25-L36
13:19 < ChillerDragon> @Assa i am PMable on irc but i am not sharing any secret antibot sry only the public stuff https://github.com/ChillerDragon/antibob
13:19 < ChillerDragon> tezcan told me that botting isnt a problem on unique anways
13:19 < bridge> <Assa> at this case I don't need any source code or something, just plug it in and bob bobs
13:20 < bridge> <Assa> I guess I could write my own but meh ._.
13:20 < ChillerDragon> yes very meh indeed
13:21 < ChillerDragon> in case you do pls send it 
13:21 < ChillerDragon> i need some urgently for fng
13:21 < bridge> <Assa> well you can take a look at my fastcap commit https://github.com/AssassinTee/ddnet/pull/17
13:21 < bridge> <Assa> well you can take a look at my fastcap commit <https://github.com/AssassinTee/ddnet/pull/17>
13:21 < ChillerDragon> what for?
13:21 < bridge> <Assa> idk what your goal is, implement fastcap?
13:22 < ChillerDragon> i am tryint to sell you my codebase
13:22 < bridge> <Tezcan> No, i said it isn't compared to the other servers and that we are still able to manage who do cheat
13:22 < ChillerDragon> ddnet git merges as a service
13:22 < bridge> <Assa> **yet**
13:23 < ChillerDragon> if you fork ddnet-insta you dont have to merge ddnet which is not fork friendly see #7777
13:23 < ChillerDragon> ddnet-insta is and it is actively merging into ddnet so you should have a lower maintenance effort
13:23 < bridge> <Assa> or I just need to do git pull upstream master --rebase once in a while
13:23 < ChillerDragon> sure
13:24 < ChillerDragon> just saying that didnt work out so great last time for unique :D 
13:24 < ChillerDragon> your flag code will conflict eventually
13:24 < ChillerDragon> i could solve that conflict for you
13:24 < ChillerDragon> because i will do it anyways
13:24 < bridge> <Assa> yes, all I can do is best efford
13:25 < bridge> <Assa> I want to setup a pullbot for this task in the future
13:26 < bridge> <Assa> but you sold me on the antibob already if that makes you happy üòÑ
13:28 < bridge> <Assa> antibob doesn't have a generalized shooting weapon interface?
13:42 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: are you here?
13:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> how do I make teeworlds-asmr use 0.6?
13:53 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: I think the problem is that [hex_str](https://github.com/ChillerDragon/teeworlds-asmr/blob/a1232fc2f4ee5dc574082edc3611920e413bc687/src/bss/hex.asm#L2) is 2 bytes but here you write 8 https://github.com/ChillerDragon/teeworlds-asmr/blob/a1232fc2f4ee5dc574082edc3611920e413bc687/src/hex.asm#L73 into `hex_str` and `in_packet_header_num_chunks` is declared after `hex_str` so you probably overwrite it with that move
13:54 < ChillerDragon> @Assa wdym by shooting weapon interface? if you describe it well enough you can order one from me and i might ship it
13:55 < ChillerDragon> btw since you linked ur pr i also gave it some random ah review. Idk if you wanted that. Or if you just wanted to show me how i can build fastcap xd
13:55 < ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat you make it by using ``make`` ... duh
13:55 < ChillerDragon> ah wait 0.6
13:55 < ChillerDragon> my bad didnt read entire sentence xd
13:55 < bridge> <milkeeycat> xdd
13:55 < ChillerDragon> fair question sec
13:56 < ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ChillerDragon/teeworlds-asmr/blob/a1232fc2f4ee5dc574082edc3611920e413bc687/src/teeworlds_asmr.asm#L268
13:56 < ChillerDragon> change 7 to 666
13:56 < ChillerDragon> jk just 6
13:56 < ChillerDragon> maybe 666 works too, maybe it segfaults idk
13:57 < bridge> <Assa> I wanted to show you how fastcap is implemented in unique (more or less). But, a wise man from the bloodhound gang once said, `I appreciate your input` ‚ù§Ô∏è
13:57 < ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat are you saying the lable with the comment ``; this is too long`` is too short? xxxD
13:57 < ChillerDragon> maybe u have a point there
13:57 < ChillerDragon> thanks for looking into it sexy catto
13:58 < ChillerDragon> @Assa yea and i saw some places that could be moved to the controller if this was ddnet-insta based :p 
13:58 < bridge> <Assa> imagine you corrected me in writing the gamemode in uppercase, when ddnet doesn't do it itself xD
13:58 < ChillerDragon> current style offenses do not justify adding new ones
13:59 < ChillerDragon> new code should be clean touching old code always dramatic
14:01 < ChillerDragon> omg catto @milkeeycat it fixed the bug!
14:01 < bridge> <Assa> >Ideally gamemodes would have a option to disable commands without adding such if statement. And then it should also be properly reflected in /cmdlist.
14:01 < bridge> <Assa> > Ideally gamemodes would have a option to disable commands without adding such if statement. And then it should also be properly reflected in /cmdlist.
14:01 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ez üòè
14:01 < ChillerDragon> or at least it shifted enough for the sympthoms to be invisible xd u never know in assembly land @milkeeycat
14:01 < bridge> <milkeeycat> didn't even have to debug anything xd
14:01 < ChillerDragon> mary me
14:01 < bridge> <Assa> yes, ideally they would, but the gamecontroller isn't even loaded when commands are registered.
14:01 < ChillerDragon> ironically i also checked that lable and thought increasing it might fix it
14:02 < ChillerDragon> but then i checked the code and was "nah this is fine" it never writes more than 2 bytes 
14:02 < ChillerDragon> omg i so nob
14:03 < bridge> <milkeeycat> so did you increase the size to 8 bytes or changed move to `ax` instead of `rax`?
14:03 < ChillerDragon> @Assa yea its a bigger refactor and probably #7777 but if this pr gets into ddnet its no longer #7777 because it affects ddnet directly and then we can finally add proper controller cmd support
14:03 < ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat just increased the size
14:03 < ChillerDragon> should i also fix the mov?
14:03 < ChillerDragon> oke
14:04 < bridge> <milkeeycat> i don't know, i saw a comment `for now we only store 2 character in here`
14:04 < bridge> <milkeeycat> but you write 8 xd
14:05 < ChillerDragon> i drunk coder wat can i do
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> > uber giga annoying nit pick I know. But you sometimes use class CCharacter and sometimes just CCharacter
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:05 < bridge> <Assa> This was a fix for clang-tidy and I fixed it xD I won't fix all of ddnets other mistakes there, as it only makes the diff bigger and probably collides in the future
14:05 < ChillerDragon> @Assa this is not ddnet code this is your controller
14:06 < bridge> <Assa> oh yeah it's copy pasta
14:07 < ChillerDragon> but if you add a new file to ddnet it can be expected from you that you at least have consistency in that one file
14:07 < ChillerDragon> even if it means deleted 3 words
14:07 < ChillerDragon> deleting*
14:07 < bridge> <Assa> what pr goes into ddnet? This is not a pullrequest for ddnet, I guess this PR would not make it xD This is just the updated fork and the first release candiate. We can start to tidy up if it's finished
14:08 < ChillerDragon> oh wot?
14:08 < ChillerDragon> then i wrote confused review bro
14:08 < bridge> <Assa> the PR merges from AssassinTee/unique into AssassinTee/master, not into ddnet/master ü§£
14:08 < ChillerDragon> u trolled me good bro
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> and the merge PR only exists, because I wanted to run the pipeline against latest master
14:09 < bridge> <Assa> I even wrote some tests for this PR
14:09 < ChillerDragon> ignore my 7777 talk and favor of merge then xd the nitpicks are still cute if you want good ddnet style and proper 0.7 support and not crashes xd
14:10 < ChillerDragon> if i had known this is your fork i would have written 20 review comments starting with "if only you were based on ddnet-insta you could .."
14:10 < bridge> <Assa> üòâ I'll certainly clean things up and I'll apply your big beatiful suggestion. Oh and I'll also update the code
14:12 < bridge> <Assa> you are probably partially right with #7777, but there is some stuff I don't see there. Like the millisecond and subtick timing
14:12 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/7777
14:14 < ChillerDragon> oke @milkeeycat ill just apply both changes seems to work :D 
14:15 < bridge> <Assa> nah do I really need to write sixup code üò¶ I hoped the netprotocol magically does it for me
14:15 < ChillerDragon> classic asm changing the code does not always cause visibile changes when running the program
14:15 < ChillerDragon> @Assa it does sometimes but not always especially not for flags which are not in ddnet
14:16 < bridge> <milkeeycat> noice
14:16 < bridge> <Assa> missed opportunity by ddnet
14:16 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: asm pro
14:16 < ChillerDragon> no u
14:16 < ChillerDragon> @Assa go ping heinrich and ask how his translation layer rewrite is going xd
14:17 < ChillerDragon> he kept asking who wants it. Nobody wanted him to do it. He said "ok i will do it"
14:17 < bridge> <Assa> ig nobody wanted to do it
14:17 < ChillerDragon> no nobody wanted him to do it
14:17 < bridge> <Assa> i wouldn't want to do it either tbh
14:17 < ChillerDragon> we want him to do other things
14:18 < ChillerDragon> u have to understand that a heinrich is a limited ressource
14:18 < bridge> <Assa> if you gave me the choice between network translation code and writing shaders ...
14:19 < bridge> <Assa> aren't we all a limited resource?
14:19 < ChillerDragon> its less about how much fun it is because he is doing it
14:19 < ChillerDragon> no
14:19 < ChillerDragon> we are replacable
14:19 < ChillerDragon> ddnet admins power coder giga chads are different
14:19 < bridge> <Assa> yes, but he's not the only one
14:20 < ChillerDragon> we can allocate the heinrich on libtw2, quic, merging prs or we can allocate it on rewriting working code ._.
14:20 < bridge> <Assa> ofc very valuable with a lot of experience
14:20 < bridge> <Assa> where would you allocate me next?
14:20 < ChillerDragon> i dont see anyone else adding snapshot support to libtw2 dissector other than heinrich
14:20 < ChillerDragon> @Assa as ddnet-insta enjoyer
14:20 < bridge> <Assa> guessed so, and in ddnet main?
14:21 < ChillerDragon> fixing all issues opened by me
14:21 < ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20author%3AChillerDragon
14:21 < ChillerDragon> 46 todos for u
14:21 < bridge> <Assa> deal, if you fix all opened by me, even the ones with fix-changes-physics and won't-implement
14:21 < ChillerDragon> :justatest:
14:22 < ChillerDragon> 21 open 20 closed
14:22 < ChillerDragon> bad ratio
14:22 < ChillerDragon> issues is like KD
14:22 < ChillerDragon> and closed is kill
14:22 < bridge> <Assa> for me it's vise versa
14:23 < ChillerDragon> nah bro
14:23 < ChillerDragon> open issues = bad
14:23 < ChillerDragon> closed issues = good
14:23 < bridge> <Assa> nah, its more like:
14:23 < bridge> <Assa> - look, I found this gamebreaking bug, I know you can't fix it, now perish in despair
14:24 < ChillerDragon> finding bugs is good
14:24 < ChillerDragon> but they should be fixed
14:24 < bridge> <Assa> would your 'KD' stop you from opening critical tickets?
14:24 < ChillerDragon> open ddnet issues are too polluted we need to reach 666 again
14:24 < bridge> <Assa> because if it does, then it's a bullshit metric
14:24 < ChillerDragon> no it doesnt stop me from opening issues ever
14:25 < ChillerDragon> i just try to also get them closed
14:25 < bridge> <Assa> pull request merged / pull request closed would be a better metric, showing how much of the stuff you do is valuable
14:26 < bridge> <learath2> It handles a lot automatically, but if the netmessage format changed between versions it needs manual translation
14:26 < bridge> <Assa> (there I also have a bad ratio, partially by abandoning some PRs in the past)
14:26 < ChillerDragon> pulls is similar to issues
14:26 < ChillerDragon> you want to keep pending issues and pending prs low
14:27 < ChillerDragon> imo stale prs are worse than rejected prs
14:28 < bridge> <kebscs> you dont have interesting issues
14:29 < bridge> <Assa> this looks way better for example : <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues?q=is%3Apr%20author%3AAssassinTee>
14:29 < bridge> <Assa> 1 open (draft), 40 closed, most of them merged
14:29 < bridge> <kebscs> only 40..
14:30 < bridge> <Assa> yes, 40 more then the average gh user :thonk:
14:30 < bridge> <kebscs> true
14:31 < ChillerDragon> i think only catto has worse reject/approve rate than me xd
14:31 < ChillerDragon> i have like 50% rejected
14:32 < ChillerDragon> oh shit catto improved stats
14:32 < ChillerDragon> maybe im last now xd
14:32 < bridge> <Assa> that's what I mean. Robyt said to us we should open an issue first, maybe discuss something, before we start implementing
14:32 < ChillerDragon> he just had a rough start with 3 rejected prs xd
14:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> ay, I got better
14:32 < bridge> <milkeeycat> probably
14:32 < ChillerDragon> u rly did
14:33 < ChillerDragon> u have like 15% rejected only
14:33 < ChillerDragon> i guesstimated that statistic
14:36 < ChillerDragon> @Assa why merge fastcap into master of AssassinTee/ddnet ?
14:36 < ChillerDragon> why not create a unique repo or unique branch at least?
14:36 < bridge> <Assa> ^
14:36 < ChillerDragon> is this a reply?
14:36 < bridge> <Assa> uniqe branch is not a fork according to github.
14:37 < ChillerDragon> wdym
14:37 < ChillerDragon> https://github.com/AssassinTee/ddnet/pull/17 here u pr into master
14:37 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/unique-clan/unique-race
14:37 < bridge> <Assa> 
14:37 < bridge> <Assa> This unique repo is not a ddnet fork according to github
14:37 < ChillerDragon> okay
14:38 < ChillerDragon> so?
14:38 < ChillerDragon> seems unrelated to my question
14:38 < ChillerDragon> i am not following
14:38 < bridge> <Assa> so - why should I not implement it in my own branch? I don't own the unqiue-clan user, this would be Tim
14:38 < ChillerDragon> you are planning to merge it into master
14:39 < ChillerDragon> that is not your own branch
14:39 < bridge> <Assa> no?
14:39 < bridge> <Assa> well, at least not my master and also not ddnet/master
14:39 < ChillerDragon> imo /ddnet master is reversed for ddnet
14:39 < ChillerDragon> why not keep it in a unique branch?
14:39 < ChillerDragon> are you planning to merge?
14:40 < ChillerDragon> isn that your contributor fork?
14:40 < bridge> <Assa> it is in a unique branch, isn't it?
14:40 < ChillerDragon> yes
14:40 < ChillerDragon> but the pr is against master
14:40 < bridge> <Assa> against my master, because i wanted to automatically run pipeline, I do this a lot because I am a lazcy fuck
14:40 < bridge> <Assa> against my master, because i wanted to automatically run pipeline, I do this a lot because I am a lazy fuck
14:40 < ChillerDragon> a lol
14:41 < ChillerDragon> its not to merge just for pipeline?
14:41 < ChillerDragon> thats troll af
14:41 < ChillerDragon> just enable pipeline for unique branch xd
14:41 < ChillerDragon> dude you scammed me into reviewing a fake pr xd
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> I didn't ask you for that xD
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> Take a look, I do a "Test PR" on my own master, before I do an official ddnet PR somethimes:
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> https://github.com/AssassinTee/ddnet/issues?q=is%3Apr%20author%3AAssassinTee
14:42 < bridge> <Assa> that's a lot of red and gray and green
14:43 < bridge> <kebscs> im making a pr for editor where you hold a key you can move only in straight line
14:43 < bridge> <kebscs> but which key
14:43 < bridge> <kebscs> this was requested a lot but i dont remember which key
14:43 < bridge> <Assa> people called me paranoid for reviewing my own PRs, so I do it on my own fork.
14:44 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: btw, why did you keep the `this is too long` comment, it was correct when the size was 512 bytes, but now it's not xd
14:48 < bridge> <Assa> do you need 2 keys for x/y ?
14:49 < bridge> <kebscs> i can try make 1
14:50 < bridge> <kebscs> i think most graphics programs do it on shift
14:50 < bridge> <kebscs> but shift is used
14:55 < bridge> <vahemaaa> Q/E used?
15:10 < bridge> <kebscs> managed to do on 1 button
15:10 < bridge> <kebscs> idk if q/e used
15:10 < bridge> <kebscs> managed to do on 1 button, itll lock if you move cursor by 1 block
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> if you feel better, your review was really useful, as I would prob. have never tested if teeworlds 0.7 works xD
15:15 < bridge> <Assa> if it makes you feel better, your review was really useful, as I would prob. have never tested if teeworlds 0.7 works xD
16:04 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @milkeeycat idk bro it should be holding like one ascii character xd
16:06 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> @kebscs pls use blender shortcuts
16:07 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> so x to lock x-axis and y to lock y-axis
16:08 < bridge> <kebscs> since you cant rebind editor shortcuts, id rather make it 1 key
16:08 < bridge> <kebscs> and its annoying if it were a toggle
16:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> how would one key work
16:08 < bridge> <kebscs> works right now, check the pr
16:09 < bridge> <kebscs> detects which way you move your mouse
16:09 < bridge> <Assa> checked code, love the simplicity of it
16:09 < bridge> <kebscs> if you moved by at least 1 block
16:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> hate it xd
16:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> go with x and y
16:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> blender enjoyers will love it
16:10 < bridge> <Assa> maybe you should check for >= 1 then and not > 1, but this might be a very big nitpick xD
16:11 < bridge> <kebscs> shouldnt matter, its in float
16:11 < bridge> <Assa> ye
16:12 < bridge> <kebscs> as a paint enjoyer this would be nice on shift
16:12 < bridge> <kebscs> but shift is selecting multiple tiles
16:12 < bridge> <kebscs> and alt is ignoregrid on quads, though not sure if that even wrosk
16:12 < bridge> <kebscs> and alt is ignoregrid on quads, though not sure if that even works
16:13 < bridge> <Assa> as a ddnet editor enjoyer, idc xD gimme button for mapping
16:14 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if you need to move the mouse first to lock in it messes with your accuracy
16:16 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> if i want to lock in on a axis i first need to move to my axis so the last move wont be the locked direction
16:16 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> unless you swap it
16:17 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> which would be crazy
16:17 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> pressing x and y is satisfying af
16:17 < bridge> <kebscs> but ddnet editor is jank
16:17 < bridge> <kebscs> you would press x and it would lock the cursor everywhere
16:17 < bridge> <kebscs> someone misslicks x and cant even close game
16:18 < bridge> <kebscs> unless alt tab or alt f4
16:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> no
16:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> should only be locked while holding maybe
16:18 < bridge> <kebscs> thats confusing then
16:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> why
16:18 < bridge> <kebscs> uless there would be an indicator
16:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> of curse
16:18 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> you get big ass ruler 
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> cba
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> 1 button is more intuitive
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> and no indicator needed
16:19 < bridge> <kebscs> 1 button hold is more intuitive
16:24 < bridge> <kebscs> chiler maybe you want to review <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10312>
16:24 < bridge> <kebscs> bcs you added the live gametiles
16:28 < bridge> <milkeeycat> chillerdragon: rate the asm https://justpaste.it/gizgg xd
16:28 < bridge> <milkeeycat> (it's one function call)
16:40 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the pr is a good idea @kebscs 
16:42 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> its the struct thing @milkeeycat ?
16:43 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> looks bloated xd
16:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it is
16:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> BUT
16:43 < bridge> <milkeeycat> it works
16:43 < bridge> <kebscs> approve for the sweet github green box üëç
16:44 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i didnt review :p
16:45 < bridge> <kebscs> do review :)
16:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> too lazy
16:45 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i need to play gores
16:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> review without merge rights is waste of time 
16:46 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> nobody cares about my review anyways xd
16:47 < bridge> <zhn> chiller send mani
16:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> wot
16:47 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> why
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> @robyt3 dunno if related to the above bug, but still have weird problems with skins sometimes.
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> When I start the client with player skin "nanami"
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> And type in the skin name input field "Bub" (case sensitive) it does not load the skin, but a lower case version instead
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387813729399214140/image.png?ex=685eb5c1&is=685d6441&hm=9ec73f6c48a0ff7386704c474084b7d502309dda2a4ae74f25311a49bc97d46b&
17:16 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> refreshing fixes it, and `player_skin` in F1 was defs correct like in the input field
17:17 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Also I always had Bub starred, it never loaded in first place for me
17:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> According to my config it's in lower case actually
17:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> `add_favorite_skin "bub"`
17:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> 
17:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> So this is most likely some weird case issue that can break the skin system.
17:22 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> bcs it shows as starred once correctly loaded
17:23 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i had this bug a few times
17:24 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i think when another player used a skin name with lowercase letters instead of uppercase
17:24 < bridge> <soulyvevo> it tried to download the lowercase skin name
17:24 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Would make sense, yeah
17:25 < bridge> <soulyvevo> but I could only see default skin and had that question mark icon
17:25 < bridge> <soulyvevo> and refreshing skins with that refresh button also didn't help
17:25 < bridge> <soulyvevo> tho i couldn't always reproduce it and im not sure why
17:29 < bridge> <kebscs> hm idk if alt is good
17:29 < bridge> <kebscs> might be clashing with the quads thing
17:54 < bridge> <robyt3> Does a `Bub.png`  file exist and which capitalization does it use? Maybe it can't load the file because the file system is case sensitive.
17:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> There are a few Bubs yeah :lol:
17:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387823742864068718/image.png?ex=685ebf14&is=685d6d94&hm=91c387d2e2d5b6f4734673e05152a02e2c8350e9c08478eded9734831fd08ba6&
17:56 < bridge> <robyt3> We currently use whatever skin name capitalization it first appeared in to load the file
17:56 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I have an insane amount of .tmp files uff
17:57 < bridge> <robyt3> Are these tmp files valid pngs, i.e. did the rename fail?
17:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Most are valid
17:57 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Basically all that are purple
17:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think the tmp problems comes from 2024 tho
17:58 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Not smth lately
17:59 < bridge> <robyt3> Where do you download it from? It not in the database for me
17:59 < bridge> <robyt3> Seems like I also broke the buttons to open external files on Windows
17:59 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Bub is in the database
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/Bub.png
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> <https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/Bub.png>
18:00 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> did you read from here @robyt3
18:01 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I think this is most likely the problem.. smth with when a lower case is loaded first
18:01 < bridge> <robyt3> yeah, seems like I also encountered the bug somehow
18:01 < bridge> <robyt3> first time the skin didn't load at all
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks hi
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> i discovered smth
18:02 < bridge> <ryozuki> manual lookup tables allow rust to have an easier time inlining that matches
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> specially true for big matches in hot loops
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> specially true for big matches in hot paths
18:03 < bridge> <ryozuki> manual lookup tables allow rust to have an easier time inlining than matches
18:03 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Oh really=
18:04 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> I'd have thought a match is just a lookup table
18:04 < bridge> <louis> i think its ctrl in some image programs
18:05 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> At least for enumeration like types
18:05 < bridge> <louis> rather have enable and disable snapping button that enables everything though (with red guidelines that magnetic snap)
18:06 < bridge> <kebscs> ctrl taken, roby merged with alt
18:06 < bridge> <louis> eh
18:07 < bridge> <louis> whats wrong with shift drag as well
18:07 < bridge> <louis> i guess it doesnt lock your cursor
18:07 < bridge> <louis> yeah i guess this feature is different and i could see myself using it
18:08 < bridge> <kebscs> shift is also taken for selecting group of tiles
18:08 < bridge> <louis> keybinds in editor are a mess unfortunately
18:08 < bridge> <kebscs> yea
18:08 < bridge> <louis> no i meant shift drag can also place tiles in a line
18:08 < bridge> <kebscs> but you cant if you have a group selected
18:08 < bridge> <louis> wdym
18:09 < bridge> <louis> like multi layer selection?
18:09 < bridge> <kebscs> shift drag paints in box
18:09 < bridge> <kebscs> well idk
18:09 < bridge> <kebscs> but this was requested, shift drag seems different to me
18:10 < bridge> <louis> yeah it's different
18:10 < bridge> <kebscs> <https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/issues/8528>
18:10 < bridge> <kebscs> look vid in this issue
18:10 < bridge> <kebscs> cant do it with shift drag
18:11 < bridge> <louis> ya that usecase is  alot more relevant
18:15 < bridge> <soulyvevo> oh ye thats annoying af actually
18:21 < bridge> <robyt3> I can reproduce it using a fresh config directory where the skin doesn't exist yet. When `bub` is first spelled lowercase, the GET request to https://ddnet.org/skins/skin/bub.png will fail with 404, so the client assumes the skin does not exist and doesn't show it in the list.
19:15 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i got a error scanning demo file :c
19:15 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> fresh demo
19:22 < bridge> <teero777> noob
19:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> unlucky i am actually interested in the demo
19:22 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> it captured a unreproducible bug in my mod :c
19:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/blob/e639463327874c7a36ae69be238303304b019858/src/engine/shared/demo.cpp#L593-L597
19:23 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> dies here
19:24 < bridge> <vahemaaa> shortcut to enable/disable sounds, looks cool tho, maybe u can add. I know you can just bind it but there are UI things like in the screenshot
19:24 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387845894363418704/screenshot_2025-06-26_20-22-20.png?ex=685ed3b6&is=685d8236&hm=bf7335624d987a561a6018064b5c8e664aa96756ddba8c93b76c25b7f8c7621a&
19:24 < bridge> <vahemaaa> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387845894904217680/screenshot_2025-06-26_20-21-41.png?ex=685ed3b6&is=685d8236&hm=f94a7373199b2cded63cccdeaf91506a33fa5520e3579a04ca61214ed9c4c779&
19:25 < bridge> <kebscs> Get DDNet client from DDNet.org
19:29 < bridge> <vahemaaa> sometimes playing on 0.6/7 feels good
19:48 < bridge> <robyt3> ChillerDragon: try with #10128, which allows playing truncated demos again
19:48 < bridge> <DDNet> https://github.com/ddnet/ddnet/pull/10128
19:48 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> nice
19:49 < bridge> <robyt3> Please also test this in general with demos that are still being recorded if you are interested in the feature
19:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> the demo is in bad shape bru
19:50 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i get instant network compression error
19:51 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> watafak happend to it
19:52 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> live works pretty well
19:52 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> epic feature
19:59 < bridge> <robyt3> Maybe a write failed, we don't check for failed writes
20:01 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> how can it fail? are you saying cosmic rays broke my hard drive? xd
20:06 < bridge> <robyt3> Most common failure of fwrite would be if you are out of space
20:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> yea thats the only one i know
20:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> but i recorded the demo like 10 min ago
20:08 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> and i still have 800GB available
20:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> imo it would be cool if we would log_error ``errno``
20:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> i almost prd that once forgot why not
20:09 < ws-client> <ChillerDragon> all the stuff we wrap like fseek and so on might set ``errno`` we could let system.cpp directly always log some nice error messages
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> @jupeyy_keks let chains https://blog.rust-lang.org/2025/06/26/Rust-1.88.0/
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```rust
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> if let Channel::Stable(v) = release_info()
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki>     && let Semver { major, minor, .. } = v
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki>     && major == 1
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki>     && minor == 88
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> {
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki>     println!("`let_chains` was stabilized in this version");
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> }
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> 
20:57 < bridge> <ryozuki> ```
21:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> >  Cargo automatic cache cleaning
21:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> > 
21:00 < bridge> <ryozuki> > Starting in 1.88.0, Cargo will automatically run garbage collection on the cache in its home directory!
21:01 < bridge> <kollpotato> omg i needed that so many times
21:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Yep just saw it today, sick
21:02 < bridge> <Jupstar ‚ú™> Will make lots of nested ifs useless now
21:10 < bridge> <learath2> omg finally
21:19 < bridge> <totar> Is that pattern more useful in rust or something? I rarely do that in cpp
21:22 < bridge> <totar> ok this doesn't exist in cpp nvm
21:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> @ryozuki trolled
21:36 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387879145115095100/image.png?ex=685ef2ad&is=685da12d&hm=c68377f88776f81d50e44cc267ac19cfd4da2f45c2a276f19a825294b7395468&
21:52 < bridge> <kebscs> he didnt let you merge 11 comits in 1 pr
21:52 < bridge> <kebscs> which some of are wrong
21:55 < bridge> <soulyvevo> me when editor updates
21:55 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387883987241926700/happy-cat-yippee-cat.png?ex=685ef730&is=685da5b0&hm=7172e57c43a93d978b89aadf480f71ac55668ba15925a5910ea5d1f7facc4f22&
21:55 < bridge> <soulyvevo> okay why did it save as png
21:56 < bridge> <kebscs> when souly map for ddnet
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> i meant this
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/293493549758939136/1387884141046923375/yippee-cat-kitty.gif?ex=685ef754&is=685da5d4&hm=eb68411d1f91bad48c9b44754cb6d717b8d182c27b6c44d13a774099f46fd1c1&
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> me when editor updates
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> hopefully i will manage to finish my map by the end of the year
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> cant really promise tho
21:56 < bridge> <soulyvevo> as im really lazy
21:57 < bridge> <kebscs> :owo:
22:52 < bridge> <Solly (bun bun)> Heh
